71000000 Legal Votes. The most EVER for a sitting President!
THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. I WON THE ELECTION GOT 71000000 LEGAL VOTES. BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE. NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM!
I WON THIS ELECTION BY A LOT!
Georgia Counties Using Same Software as Michigan Counties Also Encounter ‘Glitch’  via @BreitbartNews What a total mess this “election” has been!
Lawyer’s Press Conference at Four Season’s Landscaping Philadelphia. Enjoy!
Big press conference today in Philadelphia at Four Seasons Total Landscaping — 11:30am!
Four Season’s Landscaping! 
Lawyers Press Conference at Four Seasons Philadelphia. 11:00 A.M.
People were screaming STOP THE COUNT & WE DEMAND TRANSPARENCY (As Legal Observers were refused admittance to count rooms)! 
....Bad things took place during those hours where LEGAL TRANSPARENCY was viciously & crudely not allowed. Tractors blocked doors & windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. BAD THINGS HAPPENED INSIDE. BIG CHANGES TOOK PLACE!
....This would ALSO change the Election result in numerous States including Pennsylvania which everyone thought was easily won on Election Night only to see a massive lead disappear without anyone being allowed to OBSERVE for long intervals of time what the happened...
Tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 P.M. on Tuesday Election Day totally and easily changing the results in Pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. As a separate matter hundreds of thousands of Votes were illegally not allowed to be OBSERVED...
Incredibly stated Jim! 
“We need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days.” Matthew Whitaker. @EveningEdit
I had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. Perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward!
Joe Biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the President. I could make that claim also. Legal proceedings are just now beginning!
Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?
With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate the Presidency becomes even more important!
....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also these late ballots past Election Day are illegal exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court in extraordinary circumstances...
....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr former Independent Counsel @Varneyco
....Legislature. They just ignored that ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses and outrageously observers who are the sentinels of integrity & transparency were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way and....
“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor Wolf and the State Supreme Court flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the
“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness
Twitter is out of control made possible through the government gift of Section 230!
I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed in any way shape or form to do their job and therefore votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!
So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James David Perdue and more. Would End the Filibuster “Life” 2A and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!
News Conference at 6:30 P.M.
STOP THE FRAUD!
All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!
Big legal win in Pennsylvania!
Jobless Claims Dip to 751000 Lowest Since March  via @BreitbartNews
Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting  via @BreitbartNews
ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!
STOP THE COUNT!
Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos Blocked Windows and Observers  via @BreitbartNews
Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘  via @BreitbartNews
Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access” but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!
.....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!
We have claimed for Electoral Vote purposes the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the State of Georgia and the State of North Carolina each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally we hereby claim the State of Michigan if in fact.....
We are winning Pennsylvania big but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”
Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man John James out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!
They are working hard to make up 500000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise Michigan and others!
They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania Wisconsin and Michigan. So bad for our Country!
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT? 
How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?
Last night I was leading often solidly in many key States in almost all instances Democrat run & controlled. Then one by one they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE and the “pollsters” got it completely & historically wrong!
We are up BIG but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!
I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!
We are up BIG but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!
WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!
Get out & VOTE! Under my Administration our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1%. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!Find your polling place below. 
A parade for me in Nigeria a great honor! 
VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
Thank you Matt! 
Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work! 
To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes your dreams are my dreams and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!  
Thank you Brad! 
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria France and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists including radical Islamic terrorists.
Heading to GRAND RAPIDS MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists Communists Socialists and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence censor cancel and punish you. Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow! 
Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries and BAN fracking. As long as I am President we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent!  
A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.  
I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president we still have work to do! Let’s WIN WIN WIN! 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 
The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow you have the power with your vote to save AMERICA! So get your friends get your family get your neighbors and co-workers and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Over the next 4 years we will teach our children to love our Country honor our history and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help we will defend the right to life religious liberty and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS! 
For 47 years Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you jail you and betray you!
Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan Minnesota Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!
I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values! 
Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries and BAN fracking. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty from Michigan to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania. 
Just landed in Traverse City Michigan. Big crowd!
¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera proveer oportunidades de educación para todos preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe la familia y la comunidad! 
My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy provide education opportunity for all preserve freedom and support faith family and community! 
As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!
For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow you have the power with your vote to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!! #MAGA 
With your VOTE we will continue to cut your taxes and regs support our police support our military protect your 2A defend religious liberty & ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country! 
...no future for America’s youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow! 
Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school no graduations no weddings no Thanksgiving no Christmas no Fourth of July and...
If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU harder than anyone ever has before!  
Yesterday I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you! #MAGA 
...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!
Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills annihilated your coal jobs and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century...
Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking Outlaw Mining explode energy costs and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles Lobster Fishing ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!
Landing in Scranton Pennsylvania!
Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!
Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech Big Media Big Donors and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him they control him and they know he will always do their bidding!  
The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together we will defeat the corrupt establishment we will DETHRONE the failed political class we will drain the Washington Swamp & we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!
Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!).
Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We have more Cases because we have more Testing!
Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!
...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs gangs & crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools depleted our inner cities defunded our police & demeaned your sacred faith & values; The Anti-American radicals defaming...
Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries & decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists...
I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!
“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”
Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!
Texas Pennsylvania: Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!
Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!
On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds see you in a little while! 
West Virginia Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists Rioters and Looters who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities are being seriously looked at! 
Good Morning! Let’s #MAGA!  
As long as I’m in office NEBRASKA MICHIGAN MINNESOTA and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!
Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking.” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices...
If you need information on how or where to VOTE click below! #MAGA 
For 47 years Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses eliminate school choice and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community! 
Under my leadership our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! #MAGA 
Thank you Florida! #MAGA 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!
Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!
Remember Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history by far. Next year will be our best ever!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016 Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you Georgia! #MAGA
In my opinion these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead the FBI & Justice should be investigating the terrorists anarchists and agitators of ANTIFA who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people! 
Thank you North Carolina! 
People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment! 
Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters looters arsonists gun-grabbers flag-burners Marxists lobbyists and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers factory workers police officers and hard-working law-abiding patriots of every race religion and creed! #MAGA
Biden will terminate school choice eliminate charter schools defund religious schools ban prayer in public schools indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!
For decades Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself & his family. He shows up every 4 years and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU.
Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides and more importantly his handlers won’t allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!
Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu yet all he talks about is Covid Covid Covid like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!
Thank you Iowa!
Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque Iowa. See you soon.
Chris Wallace of @FoxNews by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs can’t get over his poor debate performance probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President me!
Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP
Under my leadership our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33.1%! While foreign nations are in freefall we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd so we can keep it going! #MAGA 
You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape watch! 
I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU! 
Over the last 4 years I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has! 
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning U.S. Flag  via @BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them. @FBI
GOP Rep. Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘  via @BreitbartNews
Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania  via @BreitbartNews  Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania!
Being restored immediately. @Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error”. Thank you! 
Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men according to my sources.
WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family your Country and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
....all I needed everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded & respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!
The legendary actor 007 Sean Connery has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted“Let him build the damn thing”. That was....
Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!
Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”.
...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA and Michigan with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!
When I originally became your all time favorite President the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves & now many plants are and have been built...
Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!
People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!
.@Facebook  Put them back NOW! 
Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!! 
Go Joe!!! 
Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘  via @BreitbartNews Thank you!
Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform and we will deliver School Choice!  
Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy & fracking industry. If Biden & Harris get in they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!  
Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote we will continue to support our Military Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! #MAGA 
Thank you Montoursville Pennsylvania! 
Thank you @albertmohler for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty! 
I LOVE TEXAS! 
A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking Ban Mining and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA get out and VOTE!
Over the next 4 years we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World & end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing require price transparency lower drug prices even more and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!#Election2020 #MAGA
Thank you Butler Pennsylvania!
Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS low energy bills and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!
Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!
We are ONE movement ONE people ONE family and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #ElectionDay #MAGA
Over the next four years we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country honor our history and always respect our great American Flag.  
We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war we are forging PEACE in the Middle East! 
3 days from now we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support we will continue to bring back your jobs and cut your taxes & regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories ship your jobs to China raise your taxes & eliminate private healthcare!
Thank you Reading Pennsylvania!
Biden & Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!
Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING & send PA into a nightmare of poverty & depression. Gas prices would explode & family incomes would plummet—I will always defend & promote PA energy! 
Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster better bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1% increase and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!  
I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by & watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal & treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers! 
Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!  
Thank you Newtown Pennsylvania! #MAGA 
Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!
Last night our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!
Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!) than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
.@Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me she will Create Jobs Lower Taxes Deliver for our Farmers and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN05 
We need Esther Joy King (@Esther4Congress) in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL17 
.@JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes Support our Brave Law Enforcement Build the Wall and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS02 
Steve Negron (@SteveNegronNH) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran he is Strong on the Economy our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NH02 
.@FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy & Jobs Low Taxes the Military our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NJ05 
.@CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman she is Strong on the Economy Infrastructure Law & Order and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY18 
.@CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher he is Strong on Jobs & the Economy Trade Law & Order our Military & Vets and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OR02 
Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran he Strongly Supports Law & Order the Wall our Military & Vets and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX22 
We need Genevieve Collins (@GCForCongress) in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs & the Economy National Security and Education and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX32 
Big Jim Justice (@JimJusticeWV) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman he Creates Jobs Stands with Life Defends the Second Amendment and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WVGOV 
.@DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL he will stand for Law & Order Jobs the Wall and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI03 
Blake Moore (@ElectBlakeMoore) will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs & the Economy Healthcare our Military & Vets and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT01 
Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran she will Deliver Great Health Care Defend Life and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02
Scott Franklin (@ScottFranklinFL) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran he will help us Lower your Taxes Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL15 
Lisa McClain (@LisaForCongress) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy & Jobs Border Security Infrastructure our Military & Vets and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI10 
Congressman (@JDanBishop) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress Dan fights to Create Jobs Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC09 
Vote for @NancyMace! Her opponent Joe Cunningham is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left! #SC01 
Jim O’Neill (@JimONeillNC) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law & Order the Constitution and the Second Amendment Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
#ElectionDay #MAGA 
Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!
Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!
I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government most of which was even paid early or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes reporting that!
“President Obama meant a lot to Black people but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones Georgia State Represenative Trump supporter. @ffweekend
Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY SECURITY and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!
“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania Texas and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN  And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd!  
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists China big pharma & foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power & he will use that power to hurt you & enrich his cronies! 
...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists jihadists and violent extremists. Under my Administration the safety of our families will always come FIRST!
Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans allowing for unlimited migration from war zones and terrorist havens...
Your far-left Dem Attorney General and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally silence the people of Minnesota and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota! 
President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact he tried to keep Joe from running “you don’t have to do this Joe” and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”.
THANK YOU MINNESOTA!
Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home and a prisoner in your own Country. Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends get your family get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream and the party of Abraham Lincoln! #MAGA 
The Election should end on November 3rd. not weeks later!
This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!  
One of the most important issues is LAW & ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters & looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city no family and no community will be safe. VOTE #MAGA! 
This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA #Election2020 
Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona Georgia Nevada Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below. 
We did not come this far and fight this hard only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends get your family get your neighbors & GET OUT & VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more & more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins China Wins. When we win Michigan wins and AMERICA wins! 
This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!
Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews.
...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China...
...Disasters. At every turn Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016 Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!#VOTE #MAGA
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare & Social Security. Biden was...
Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry — no fracking no energy and high gas prices. While I am President America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! 
Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! 
On my way to MICHIGAN WISCONSIN and MINNESOTA! 
Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner! 
Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd. 
Such a Great Honor! Thank you Brett! 
Great Red Wave! 
This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd. 
I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who through gross incompetence poisoned the people of Flint Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!
SECOND AMENDMENT!
33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!
Rigged? 
The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages.
More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!
Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Don’t let this happen!
#BidenCrimeFamiily
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!
Watch the Great Red Wave!
Way ahead in Texas!
Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘  via @BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!
Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term  via @BreitbartNews
Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump  via @BreitbartNews
Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents  via @BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor at the last moment will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar = WIN!
For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends get your family get your neighbors and GET OUT & VOTE! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Quarter the best number by far in our Country’s history!
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went
My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota Michigan & Pennsylvania—burdening schools & hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror.
Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!
Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville North Carolina to Monday due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe see you on Monday!!!
If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU harder than anyone ever has before!  
For half a century Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins China Wins. When We Win Florida Wins—and America Wins! 
This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President America will NEVER be a socialist Country! 
Your VOTE on Tuesday November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists Socialists Rioters Flag-Burners and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE! #MAGA 
I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now we are going to win FLORIDA and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
THANK YOU TAMPA FLORIDA!
Thank you to Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great! 
A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!
....He also worked at of all places @Google. They all have big liability!!!
So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!) was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN lied to @andersoncooper & got a job there....
Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country France or otherwise can long put up with it!
Thank you Mark! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd.
Thank you to Dave Rubin author of “Don’t Burn This Book” just announced on @foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President me. “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag I see Trump support.”
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA
Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent @DonnaShalala is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Jack this is a Great Honor. Thank you! 
Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend” only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history crushing regulations slashing Medicare and Social Security and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders offshoring jobs shredding the Second Amendment...
If you vote for Biden your kids will not be in school there will be no graduations no weddings no Thanksgiving no Christmas and no Fourth of July! 
We will end surprise medical billing require price transparency lower drug prices even more protect Social Security and Medicare and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
Thank you Goodyear Arizona! Get out and VOTE — Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!
Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous” but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire shame and punish everybody....
Thank you @RSBNetwork! #MAGA 
I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media the Big Tech giants and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA! 
Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU the American People! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! #MAGA 
Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest and most credible story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!
Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!
The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press we have Suppression of the Story or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is and now Big Tech maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!
It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech together with the Lamestream Media isn’t allowing a word to be said about it.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 
Incredible evening incredible people. Love Nebraska and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!! 
Covid Covid Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th. when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is plenty of hospital rooms & many tests of young people.
Thank you Charles. She will be a great one! 
As a developer long ago and continuing to this day the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?
We are spending more in Florida and we are winning big in Florida. Actually we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!
THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends get your family get your neighbors & co-workers & GET OUT AND VOTE! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 11/3 we must finish the job & Drain the Swamp once and for all! 
THANK YOU NEBRASKA! 
On my way to Nebraska after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!  
Thank you WISCONSIN get out and VOTE! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins China will OWN the USA. When we win YOU win Wisconsin wins and AMERICA wins! #VOTE
Under my leadership we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE
WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU harder than anyone ever has before! #MAGA 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign thank you! See everyone soon!! #MAGA 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MAGA 
This Election Day you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!! #MAGA 
Last night we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights our liberties and our God-Given FREEDOM! 
This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream! 
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
3 Points up in Michigan 2 Points up in Wisconsin 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming and getting ready to VOTE!
Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!
In Lufkin Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it thank you! #MAGA 
Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd fake speech for Biden a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes.
Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly see you soon! 
They (his handlers) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog”. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!
Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor! 
The biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this our campaign is doing much better with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm than we had in 2016. Big Debate & SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!
Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC  Wow MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores and the World’s from China!
Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”
3% up in Pennsylvania!
Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap Tap Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”.
Until November 4th. Fake News Media is going full on Covid Covid Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%.
Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing Michigan. West Salem Wisconsin. Omaha Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!
New York. Vote for Trump. What (the Hell!) do you have to lose? 
To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE! 
Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100%. Get that great Officer back to work! 
Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York & USA. She has my Full & Complete Endorsement! VOTE 
Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to or respected in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi! 
Let New York’s Finest finally do their job! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
7 DAYS!!!
The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest (and most exciting) Rallies EVER. Rasmussen 53% National. 
.@TheJusticeDept 
ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID COVID COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!
Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!
Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy.  Heading to oblivion! 
I agree! 
Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!
Strongly Trending (Google) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!
Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd.
Thank you Martinsburg Pennsylvania! #MAGA  
Last week Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking NO jobs and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!
Thank you Lititz Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown Pennsylvania—a must watch! 
Thank you Allentown Pennsylvania! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!   
Thank you! #MAGA 
The Fake News Media is riding COVID COVID COVID all the way to the Election. Losers!
Cases up because we TEST TEST TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th. topic will totally change. VOTE!
New York California Illinois. People are FLEEING Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP I will turn it around and FAST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!
Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!
We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID COVID COVID is being used by them in total coordination in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!
Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!
“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!
Texas Pennsylvania Ohio and others please watch. His party and Joe will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump! 
Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this @60Minutes clip! 
In honor of Maine! 
Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again! 
Great people. Vote for Trump! 
Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo & Steve Biegun & @WHNSC for getting the deal done!
Thank you Rabbis! 
THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA
He didn’t stick around for the primaries either. He left WAY early 
Amazing! 
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit as Chairman of Homeland of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!
Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes Stop Crime VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!
Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made in my opinion on purpose by the Democrat Governor puts Republicans in particular @SeanParnellUSA at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way Philadelphia is out of control. @TheJusticeDept
So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment Military Vets and sooo much more!
.@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military Vets Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!
So true! 
WISCONSIN! #VOTE #MAGA 
As long as I am President I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden won’t. 
This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote we will continue to bring back your jobs lower drug prices support our police protect the #2A defend our borders and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA! 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest! 
...And a great show by @JesseBWatters tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin! 
Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!
Thank you OHIO! #VOTE 
What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election? 
Great to be in Ohio leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while! 
THANK YOU OHIO! #VOTE 
Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!
Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy but still better than Joe!
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!
Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!
An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book! 
Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!
Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘  via @BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever!
Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘  via @BreitbartNews. With the Radical Left. Can’t let this happen. VOTE!
Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades  via @BreitbartNews
Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet  via @BreitbartNews
#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA
Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews
The Fake News is talking about CASES CASES CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up by far the most and best in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus!
JUST VOTED. A great honor!
Our Economy is doing great and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!
Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners  via @BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!
If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU harder than anyone ever has before!  
...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!
...For years I watched one betrayal after another as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars...
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place...
For years Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video (Joe Biden’s own words) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies! 
Thank you Pensacola Florida! Together we are going to Make America Great Again! 
THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages Florida! #MAGA 
On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines Sailors and Soldiers in Beirut we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!
Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu far less lethal than Covid 19 was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!
Biden said he is going to “transition out of (fracking) by 2025”. I hope Texas Pennsylvania Ohio Oklahoma North Dakota and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices massive jobs losses! Vote Trump.
Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he Joe “was Vice President not President” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?
Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person in the Great State of Nebraska! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN below! 
HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow! 
Thank you Megyn! 
11 DAYS! #MAGA 
As per your request Joe...  
Here you go @JoeBiden! 
Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!
Suburban women want Safety & Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! 
Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee! 
Wow. Today’s @nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isn’t going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!
Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are. Can’t let this happen!
Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back but bigger and worse.
Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!
Look at the bias hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonight’s anchor Kristen Welker is far worse! #MAGA 
Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating just out 52%. Approval Rating in the Republican Party 96%. Thank you!
Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!
.@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly it never happened!
The GREAT Bobby Bowden one of the best coaches EVER in College Football on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted....
....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!
I will soon be giving a first in television history full unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of @60Minutes. Watch her constant interruptions & anger. Compare my full flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s”. 
Virginia! 
Depression! 
Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘  via @BreitbartNews
I am not just running against Biden I am running against the Corrupt Media the Big Tech Giants and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd! #MAGA  
I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities great JOBS and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!  
For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for YOU. So get your friends get your family get your neighbors and co-workers and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together we are going to #MAGA! 
If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician it’s because I’m NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU harder than anyone ever has before! 
The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.
The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries. 
My great honor! 
Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them (Part One)  via @BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!
Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area  via @BreitbartNews
Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘  via @BreitbartNews
WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews
See you soon North Carolina!  
....Should take care of our people. It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China!
Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers or our wonderful USA itself on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states....
Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement the Second Amendment your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN07 
.@JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman he will Create Jobs Lower Taxes Defend Law & Order and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL14 
Eric Esshaki (@EsshakiCongress) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI11 
Paul Junge (@VotePaulJunge) will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration and he will help us Lower your Taxes Create Jobs and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MI08 
Jim Marchant (@VoteJimMarchant) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent Jim is Strong on Jobs Law Enforcement our Military & Vets and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV04 
.@DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler he will fight for Lower Taxes Better Education and More Jobs and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV03 
Congresswoman @EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies! Strong on our Second Amendment Vets Military and New York Law Enforcement Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY21 
Congressman @BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI01 
Congressman Darin LaHood (@ElectLaHood) is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda he is helping us Drain the Swamp Deliver for our Farmers and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL18 
Congressman Ken Buck (@BuckForColorado) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law & Order Low Taxes Border Security our Military & Vets and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO04
Senator @CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes Secure our Border and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindy's opponent Mike Espy is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy! #MSSEN 
Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl (@60Minutes) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea! 
Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans.
Remember BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you it will destroy our economy which is coming back very rapidly.
Great interview Eric! 
Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election! 
Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment Virginia! 
WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician and got caught. At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!
Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security  via @BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected he will do it again. I won’t never!!!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!
Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come. 
WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA! 
“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco
To the great people of New York California and Illinois your states are way too highly taxed big crime people fleeing and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP I will turn them around for you FAST!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
THANK YOU TUCSON ARIZONA! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Just arriving in Prescott what a crowd! I love Arizona!! 
A perfect strike for the American people! 
Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City & State have sunk to historic lows...
....Washington wants nothing to do with him and that’s so bad for New York which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!
...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!
Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late great Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks & let China in”. Also Bad arm!
GREAT news! New government of Sudan which is making great progress agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!
Heading for Arizona. See you soon!
@maggieNYT  There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows & team are doing a fantastic job....
....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit by everyone. Great fun and so good for our Country. Already winning many states but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him COLD and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!
WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now and will see you all soon. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
FLORIDA—Early voting is underway! For more information go to  and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE! #MAGA 
Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting  via @BreitbartNews
Watch the @marklevinshow on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. @SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!
THANK YOU NEVADA! 
Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!
THANK YOU Newport Beach California! Now on my way to Carson City Nevada. Another big crowd see you soon! #MAGA 
Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!
Not my Wall which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep! 
Very proud of the @nypost my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!
Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family but especially for his father Joe. It is now a proven fact and cannot be denied that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50% or 10%” Joe to ever assume the office of the President!
The United States shows more CASES than other countries which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!
John thank you. Such a great honor! 
“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster” 
...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!
Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years Joe Biden shipped away your jobs shut down your factories threw open your borders and ravaged our cities...
This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me prosperity will surge normal life will fully resume and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country! 
If you support our Police if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA! 
The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists! 
17 days from now we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA 
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! 
Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!
Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI WI and PA  via @BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!  
Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations  via @BreitbartNews
It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
Getting ready to land in Muskegon Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA
GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to  to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks! 
100% True! 
Great! 
Biden is a National Security threat! 
She’s always been terrible & unfair just like most of the Fake News reporters but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing? 
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
GIANT RED WAVE COMING!
....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?
Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4% & Jeff “the Flake” Flake whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to....
The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican....
...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that he’s just a wonderful guy!
Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘  via @BreitbartNews
THANK YOU MACON GEORGIA!
Getting ready to land in Macon Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!
THANK YOU OCALA FLORIDA!
Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!
Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!
There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!
Big T was not a reference to me but rather to Big Tech which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!
Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!
Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!
Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!
Biden lied Pennsylvania! 
Thank you! 
The process has long begun. Happening fast! 
Great! 
Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech & Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!
Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes weak Military and Vet support and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! 
Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! 
Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! 
Thank you! 
Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News  via @TheBabylonBee Wow this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe & Big T
Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS not the Republicans!
I will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum live tonight from Miami at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!
I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?
If we don’t win the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A empower violent mobs and protect terrorists & violent criminals! 
Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs dismantle your police departments dissolve your borders release criminal aliens raise your taxes confiscate your guns end fracking destroy your suburbs and drive God from the public square. 
If Big Tech persists in coordination with the mainstream media we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections they created a monster!
It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins China Wins. When WE Win YOU WIN North Carolina WINS and America WINS! 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States... 
Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!
Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness  at 10:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!! 
So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you! 
VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT. 
Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go I am ready to sign!!!
People are fleeing California. Taxes too high Crime too high Brownouts too many Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!
Jorge you’re really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
I’ve gone through years of a Fake Illegal and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side” which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake & Fraudulent stories every night for years!!!
Congratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!
Jorge your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support! @GamebredFighter 
Joe Biden must immediately release all emails meetings phone calls transcripts and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA!
I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now we are going to win IOWA and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! 
THANK YOU IOWA! #MAGA 
So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son Hunter in the @NYPost. It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!! 
Just left the White House on my way to the Great State of Iowa! 
Georgia this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military Vets 2nd Amendment and ALL. VOTE NOW!
Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years! 
Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!
Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
Virginia VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment. 
I will never let you down! #MAGA 
For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends get your family get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE!  
Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU the American People! #MAGA 
This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins China Wins. When WE Win YOU WIN Pennsylvania WINS and America WINS! 
One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED!” With me you’re going to FRACK! 
Thank you Johnstown Pennsylvania! 
You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans! 
Watch @OANN @newsmax @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
Getting ready to land in Johnstown Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!
Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad (and sick!) people!
How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money always.....
....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare cost or otherwise or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!
Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below! #MAGA 
Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #Navy245 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me Friday (10/16) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport! #MAGA 
Join me Friday (10/16) in Ocala Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE! #MAGA 
Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport! #MAGA 
Join me tomorrow tonight (Wednesday) in Iowa at the Des Moines International Airport! 
Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport! #MAGA 
This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election??? 
STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!
“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”.  @OANN  Not on my watch!
Actually Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. “No problem no masks”. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2000000 USA lives!!! 
We love the people of Lake Charles Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard  and often but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy
Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!
GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through @WINRED since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!
California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers get started!!! @GOPLeader  California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also New York and Illinois - go for it!
Congratulations Dan. You Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. It’s gone the way of the @NBA ratings down 70%. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out suffered a massive “nervous breakdown”. Happening @FoxNews also??? 
Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning! 
Thank you so nice! 
Always safe Katie! 
Matt is great. Strong on Military Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!! 
Wow. Our future V.P. So cool! 
No thanks! 
Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe but never admitted this rather major fact! 
Thank you!!! 
Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing”. 
Thank you! 
He must create a list like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voter’s entitled to know!!!! 
Mitt can’t be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the U.S. Senate (again) and totally forgot where he was (wrong State!). Joe has never been a nice or kind guy so it’s easier to find this obvious & rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA! 
I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true & if it were so I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary and still easily won 306-223!
....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!
Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd lot of enthusiasm (you win races with enthusiasm). Just got back. Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!
WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews
Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades  via @BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP!
READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close  via @BreitbartNews. They know it is over for them. Law & Order will prevail strong version!
FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends get your family get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to ! #MAGA 
I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...
Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters “don’t deserve” to know. If they win Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A empower violent mobs and shield deadly criminals & terrorists. 
Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers humbled by your support and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before! 
Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN @cspan @newsmax and others!!!
.@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!
“I’m running as a proud Democrat for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!
Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name and where he was!
Happy National Farmers Day! 
The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle but they finally did the right thing!
Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!
What’s going on almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!
Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney said again he was running for the U.S. Senate and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this it would be disqualifying. With him he’s just Sleepy Joe!
He should sue the women and all of those who illegally worked with them for false and disgusting accusations!!! 
Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake  via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!
Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!
Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70% Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game  via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China but I doubt it. Zero interest!
Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has always will! 
307000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster.
Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE
So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask all over the place and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!
Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA
HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!
STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!
The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA
Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!
We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!
So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals & ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam and he was never even there. He lied & cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!
STOCK MARKET UP BIG!
Remember I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is they were TERRIBLE!!!
November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight.
Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK Maxine Waters out of office!!! 
Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!
Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!
The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time which is not mandated to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally I would pull back approve and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!
Remember Stock Market at an All Time High and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!
SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!
Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! 
Illinois has no place to go. Sad isn’t it? Vote Trump!
New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! 
See you in Sanford Florida tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!
Leading by a lot! 
Rigged! 
No. A Rigged Election! 
The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!
Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!
These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI and get them now! 
Taking advantage of fools. Law & Order! Portland call in the Feds! 
Put these animals in jail now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law & Order! 
The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! 
Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!
The Democrats are very proud! 
It’s the only way they know! 
“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden) while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE
Turn California around. No more shutdowns rolling blackouts forest fires (management) or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! 
See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!
The Fake News @CNN MSDNC the failing @nytimes and the rest are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage at the highest level possible to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President S.J.
They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines & Cures long ahead of projections! 
Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this and so many other really bad things happen. VOTE!
People don’t remember the chaos hatred & discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis Oakland Baltimore and so many other places  were a complete & total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe etc.
A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune) and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!
AP has long been Fake News! 
In 2016 the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing though on a lesser scale again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!
.@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!
15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!
FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!
Oklahoma we need @StephanieBice in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers & Students and she will always protect your #2A & Energy Jobs unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil & Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK05 
Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
We need @NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military Law Enforcement and our Veterans Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
We need Tiffany Shedd (@Tiffany_Shedd) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AZ01 
Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets & Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #ME02 
Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military Vets Small Businesses & our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing & Murdered Native Americans today I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act & the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety & crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJustice
Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!
Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel a hero former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!
I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you I will NEVER let you down! @FloridaChiefs #LESM 
Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews
.@SteveScully the Never Trumper next debate moderator got caught cold. Pulled out the old “I’ve been hacked” line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!
Thank you @SenatorDole. So true! 
Will be in Sanford Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY! 
COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020! 
Breaking News: 50000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!
Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!
Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!
Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!
Steve Scully the second Debate Moderator is a Never Trumper just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!
VOTE! 
Hello! 
I will save your a Second Amendment Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! 
Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! 
The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today during a pandemic than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!
Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced...
...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa Anarchists Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities...
...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans even those who oppose and attack me is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state open up your schools and open up your churches!
Biden is against Oil Guns and Religion a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big in the Real Polls all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!
Also they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! 
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!
Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezg
Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests! 
Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They don’t call her Crazy for nothing! 
Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It: 
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD! 
The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden & Harris after Radical Left Dem Primaries are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!
If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do constantly the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers & Economy Plus!
Mike Pence WON BIG!
2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as "TOP COP.”  
Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...“Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus” 
“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016” 
Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING. 
Obama Biden Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?
Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win GOODBYE SUBURBS!
My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!
We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!
A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT! 
Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come a great guy!
Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta and spoke with @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely — please be prepared be careful and be safe! 
Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS (IN HISTORY)!!! BIDEN OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!! 
Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below! #VOTE 
Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT IN FACT THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT IN FACT THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month! 
Ari THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at what’s happening with Fake Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country???  VOTE 
They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE! 
He’s been a wacko for years and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things like his very low IQ are no longer reported? Fake News! #MAGA 
Thank you! 
Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE 
Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful! 
Wow what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way! VOTE 
VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA! 
Thank you Heather! 
True! 
Move Fast I Am Waiting To Sign! @SpeakerPelosi 
Proud of you Natalie! 
We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding (thank you Mr. President!). Have fun! 
Watch clip. Great job South Dakota! 
...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country AND VERY WELL! 
DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW! 
Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts shutdowns ridiculous forrest fires or water “rationing” (coming soon). We can win in California NOW! 
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski & Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book go out and give it a try!
I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country. 
Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much and so badly that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. @MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star a highly respected WINNER! 
If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1200) they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer
1100 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!
The House & Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support & 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!
Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor Nancy! 
So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum achieve more than any other President in First Term and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration! 
A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone? 
Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal! 
All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country people have acted very slowly especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!
New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA
Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. He’s no Mike!!! 
His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful! 
Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic! 
It will be fast and easy! 
Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM? 
I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any & all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History the Russia Hoax. Likewise the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions! 
Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed high crime Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers and they never will be!
True! 
How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!) 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!
...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels JOBS and unemployment...
...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run high crime Democrat States money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and as usual she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their...
...request and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when immediately after I win we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked...
Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews  hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!
REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market including JOBS under the Trump Administration are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19 where they won’t say it but we beat the Dems all day long also!!!
THANK YOU! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren & the others simply took him apart is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!
NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts! 
I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday October 15th in Miami. It will be great!
FEELING GREAT!
Flu season is coming up! Many people every year sometimes over 100000 and despite the Vaccine die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No we have learned to live with it just like we are learning to live with Covid in most populations far less lethal!!!
Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations from Florida to Pennsylvania & West Virginia where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail he will be an....
....invincible hero who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!
Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls.
....invincible hero who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations from Florida to Pennsylvania & West Virginia where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail he will be an....
STOCK MARKET UP BIG 466 Points!  28149. Great News for America. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed under the Trump Administration some really great drugs & knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!
It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours and even days to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it Media would say RUDE!!!
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski & Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA FLORIDA GEORGIA OHIO AND TEXAS! Click below for more information and let’s #MAGA! 
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!
SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!
FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!
PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!
BETTER & CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!
PRO LIFE! VOTE!
MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!
SPACE FORCE. VOTE!
BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!
401(K). VOTE!
BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!
LAW & ORDER. VOTE!
STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!
STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!
Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!
IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN) VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!
“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE VOTE VOTE!!!!!
I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
Thank you so much! 
OUR GREAT USA WANTS & NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!
Doctors Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help I am feeling well!
Going welI I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!
Tonight @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!
Hope Hicks who has been working so hard without even taking a small break has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime we will begin our quarantine process!
I’m used to it! 
I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately! 
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews
Thank you! 
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski & Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’  via @BreitbartNews. Great book. Order now!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?
I won the debate big based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!
Thank you @HerschelWalker! 
Thank you Paul! 
100000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM BUT WHERE AND WHAT HAPPENS TO THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!
In just 3 and a half years we have secured America’s Borders rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military obliterated the ISIS caliphate fixed our disastrous Trade Deals and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA! #MAGA 
As VP Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
I want to defend & preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops & burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org. 
Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous! 
Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies 47 years of betrayals and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country! 
Thank you Duluth Minnesota! 
So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!
Sleepy Joe’s USA! 
Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!
Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972 and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?
HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me very badly!!!
So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio who got zero percent in his recent presidential run and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!
Just departed the White House for Minnesota! #MAGA 
Thank you! 
Thank you Ari! 
No wonder I didn’t lose my hair! 
Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate! 
Should be arrested on the spot! 
LIAR!!! 
Thank you Chuck and Harry! 
Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!
Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?
Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!
Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA
Wow! 100000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE just like in past decades when there were no problems!
Biden REFUSED to use the term LAW & ORDER! There go the Suburbs.
Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court thereby ruining it. Also he wants no fracking killing our Energy business and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA.
Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie effectively calling him a loser!
Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising but  fun. Many important points made like throwing Bernie AOC PLUS 3 and the rest to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm WEAK Leadership! 
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment” 
Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!
The American people want LAW & ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!
“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355000 members.” 
I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus millions of people would have died! 
Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!
When Joe Biden was VP...
Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers & Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy & Jobs) & your Second Amendment we should be in very good shape!
Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers & Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
A GREAT HONOR THANK YOU!! 
Our Great 1st Amendment our Great 2nd Amendment our right to worship God & so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. @TedCruz has a fantastic new book “One Vote Away” out today! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS. 
Rigged Election! 
Now Fake News @CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter Ivanka to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!
Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media! 
WOW! 
Thank you #Truckers4Trump! 
The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs
Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee I wonder why?
.....Also if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me which the Fake News hasn’t I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file but I have long said that I may release....
.....Financial Statements from  the time I announced I was going to run for President  showing all properties assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400000 plus Presidential Salary!
The Fake News Media just like Election time 2016 is bringing up my Taxes & all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information & only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled like everyone else to depreciation & tax credits.....
The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!
Great book! 
This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this and other of her many misdeeds under serious review??? If not why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis & Iron O Range! 
FAKE NEWS!
Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better and FAR cheaper alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!
WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!
Wow nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!
YES for many years and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! 
Hanoi Dick who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam and was never even there (Impeach him!) should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! 
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to or after the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
Today it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement towering intellect sterling credentials and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... 
For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends get your family get your neighbors & co-workers and GET OUT & VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! 
Together we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU the American People. With your help your devotion & your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting & we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out & VOTE!  
In just 3 and a half years we have secured America’s Borders rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military obliterated the ISIS caliphate fixed our disastrous Trade Deals and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
Based on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska & Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska & Canada!
THANK YOU VIRGINIA! #MAGA 
The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right” they said!
I will NEVER let you down! 
A three year HOAX. A failed COUP! 
A great Scam against our Country! 
Great! 
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!
BIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!
I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity more security more fairness and more prosperity to black communities. #ThePlatinumPlan 
Just landed in Atlanta Georgia. On my way now see everyone shortly!  
Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come. Thank you! #MAGA  
RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!
Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall (security) and will totally protect your Second Amendment (The Dems want to obliterate it!). Will be there soon! 
One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen which was accurate at 52%.
THANK YOU FLORIDA! #MAGA  
Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election! 
I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now we are going to WIN FLORIDA and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!! #MAGA  
GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players their families the coaches and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome!!! 
Thank you. United We Stand! 
Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks or anyone else is against the law. We are closely watching!
Just landed in Florida. WOW what a crowd MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews @OANN and @cspan! #MAGA
We are providing better care and more choice at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier safer brighter and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST! 
The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing. 
The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients! 
Under The America First Healthcare Plan we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments state-of-the-art medicine groundbreaking cures and true health security for you and your loved ones! 
We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions! 
It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES LOWER COSTS and BETTER CARE! 
Up BIG in South Carolina!
‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes & text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump & his associates at any cost.
On my way to North Carolina! 
Thank you Jacksonville Florida. See you all TONIGHT! #MAGA 
Thank you I will never let you down! 
Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours fill it out & send it in. Request yours today:  
Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!
Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL and our Country cannot make it in these exciting but complex and competitive times with a Low Energy President !!!
North Carolina looking good! See you later.
Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52%. Republican Party Approval Rating 95%. Thank you!
Florida looking good!
LAW & ORDER!
Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together immediately upon request!
Congressman Greg Gianforte (@GregForMontana) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman he will Cut your Taxes Defend your #2A and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTGOV 
Diana Harshbarger (@DHarshbargerTN1) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration Jobs Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN01 
Scott Fitzgerald (@FitzgeraldForWI) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life wants to Lower Your Taxes and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WI05 
.@RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers help us Build the Wall and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA04 
Barry Moore (@RepBarryMoore) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda he is Strong on Jobs Life the Wall Law & Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL02 
We need Jerry Carl (@CarlForAlabama) in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans Stands for Law & Order and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #AL01 
Tracey Mann (@TraceyMannKS) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers and he is Strong on the Border Law & Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KS01 
We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope pray and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny! 
I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016 and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much I will never let you down! 
...60 years ago these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA! 
Today we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM... 
Wow big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media and pick it up BIG! 
Very important that in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules & Regulations you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!
Bay of Pigs Veterans & Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!
White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!
Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. @FDA must move quickly! 
I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars & the V.A. which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!
Great book! 
Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy! #MAGA 
With your VOTE we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs our Families our Borders and our treasured way of Life!  
I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania & China. If Biden wins China wins. When we win Pennsylvania Wins and AMERICA WINS! #MAGA 
On my way to Pennsylvania see everyone soon! #MAGA 
...with our Country the United States Military Government Contractors and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country and if you don’t there’s nothing in it for you!
A few weeks ago I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business...
Congratulations to @MattGaetz on the release of his new book “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution.” Get your copy today! 
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available. Get your copy today! 
Governor @MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs Law and Order Life and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!#MOGOV 
Attorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement fights Human Trafficking and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!#MOAG 
David Richter (@DavidRichterNJ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator will protect our Seniors and Healthcare and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A. David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states including NC GA WI MN MI NH & VA.Early voting is now underway in MN MI & VA.FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.Apply for yours in FL today:  
Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World.” 
#NationalVoterRegistrationDay
Great news. It will show how incompetent she is! 
I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday at the White House! Exact time TBA.
The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed high crime Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus which would be helpful if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!
Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!
We are! 
Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO! 
THANK YOU @RSBNetwork! 
I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now we are going to win Ohio and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote here: . 
THANK YOU OHIO! #MAGA 
On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
I agree 100%. 
Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE & SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today here:  
Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:  
Heading to the Great State of OHIO will be there soon! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
@SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres.
“The Trump Century How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring no new info. Woodward book. Besides Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob by a lot!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews
Will be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT VOTE TRUMP!
People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didn’t we go through this once before? 
I gave no choice! 
Vote! 
Vote! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
A giant SCAM and the Dems know it! 
Thank you! 
Fake News! 
Great! 
What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you. 
Jim to late to take it back. Stay with the truth no pandering! 
So great for the World! 
No thanks! 
Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book! 
...And 96% in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment! 
VIRGINIA and everywhere else for that matter I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected it is 100% SAFE. If not it is GONE!
Winning Big. Next year if I’m re-elected will be our best  year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression! 
.@GOP  We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation without delay!
Thank you Harry! 
Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands.
Today I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded...
...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins China wins – it’s just that simple!
Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash...
Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton and America to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!
Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun and Absentee Ballots (information below) are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there but I’ll have to rely on you! #Vote #TrumpPence2020 
On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon! #MAGA 
Happy #RoshHashanah 
...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!
Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing...
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers Vets and Small Businesses and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
Tyler Kistner (@KistnerCongress) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran he is Strong on National Security the Economy Law Enforcement & our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #MN02 
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn is Strong on Crime & Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A Loves our Military Vets & will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
.@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL and he is Strong on the Border Military and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
Bob Good (@GoodForCongress) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy Law Enforcement Life and our brave Military & Vets and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA05 
Nick Freitas (@NickForVA) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran he is Strong on the Military & Vets the Economy Healthcare and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA07 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
...I’m playing for your guns and I’m playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia remember it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises not Sleepy Joe Biden. I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia to be announced soon! 
Voting starts in Virginia TODAY and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion this is a step way beyond! Vote for me...
Happy Birthday to our GREAT @USAirforce! #USAF73 
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day The @FLOTUS and I honor the men & women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country & made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”.  He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!
Mini Mike Bloomberg after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems looking for a job!
Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities great jobs and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us despite all that we have been through we are changing Washington!  
...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive ISIS would be still on the rampage and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America.
No one has been more wrong more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden he opposed killing Soleimani he oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered the rise of...
Never forget they are coming after ME because I am fighting for YOU! 
Joe Biden called police “The Enemy” and vilified them as a racist oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger. 
...dollar tax hike ban American Energy confiscate your guns shutdown the economy destroy the suburbs erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies. 
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties two visions two philosophies & two agendas for the future. On November 3rd Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion... 
...to America – NOT CHINA. Because if we win AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world and now we are doing it again! 
If Biden Wins CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins the mob WINS. If Biden Wins the rioters anarchists arsonists and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs... 
I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now we are going to win Wisconsin and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA 
But Chris you don’t see any activity from China even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia Russia Russia. They will both plus others be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited (Counterfeit?) Ballot Scam. Check it out! 
...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS & THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable or unwilling to find their funding source and allows them to get away with “murder”.  LAW & ORDER! 
On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!
Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring & totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired washed up Trump Hater who can’t stand that I have done so much so quickly! #MAGA
Happy #ConstitutionDay!  
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy not sad!
I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India @narendramodi. Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend! 
Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy! #Vote #TrumpPence2020
Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!
Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!
Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter
I am lowering not raising Medicare Premiums!
Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!
...Importantly we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania Nevada and elsewhere! 
State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam...
...egregious behavior which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike! 
The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military putting the wrong names on the Ballot and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President @Mike_Pence. Everybody is totally confused by their...
Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people never did!
Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad Fake or not about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!
I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively and soon.
@TrueTheVote There is a group of people (largely Radical Left Democrats) that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now before it is too late.
The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW before it is too late and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and like always before VOTE. Otherwise MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends
Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters” or wherever this year the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness! 
Don’t worry wonderful & beautiful Alaska there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!
Moving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!
News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!
New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!
Jim you didn’t make a mistake. It’s true and that’s why you said it. No pandering! 
Democrats are “heartless”. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers Republicans it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!).
Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!
Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!
Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players coaches parents and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!
China is drooling. They can’t believe this! 
“Cratered”. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this (again). Just not worth it hard to watch! 
What is this all about? 
Great! 
It is STOPPED! 
Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania see you again soon! #MAGA 
Tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
After decades of division and conflict we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel the people of the United Arab Emirates and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All! 
Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month! 
HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel the United Arab Emirates and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow! 
We are advertising all over the place but as much as we do the Fake News likes to say we aren’t. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other and different elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!
On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!
My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State & Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama Louisiana and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves
...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran in any form against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1000 times greater in magnitude!
According to press reports Iran may be planning an assassination or other attack against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani which was carried out for his planning a future attack murdering U.S. Troops and the death & suffering...
Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel UAE and Bahrain.
Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak Tired and Sleepy as he is went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it any American can do it!
...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair Rigged Election! @GovSisolak will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots.
We had great rallies this past weekend after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state he failed but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge...
We could all learn something from this. Great interview by @HerschelWalker! 
Just landed in the Great State of Arizona! 
“Players take knee raise fist stay in locker room during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks tell them to “protest” some other time!
....And Michigan and North Carolina. Next up phony Ballot voting Hoax! 
Great News Mike! 
Next up the Ballot Hoax! 
Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam which is so bad for our Country! 
Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually I think based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!) that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!
She should be ashamed of herself! 
Today it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...
I didn’t know there would be even a question about this! 
ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533 Not Likely Voters Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives  via @TheNatPulse   Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!
Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE  They like REVOLVER and others!
Great Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!
A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go! 
I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster! 
His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign or whatever and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted! 
Pathetic! 
Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED! 
...And we’re not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex but beautiful puzzle! 
No riots and looting are just fine with Concast! 
He’s BOTH! 
DOJ? 
I do! 
Action must be taken! 
Biden Handlers know this is a lie! 
Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews
Beautiful evening in Henderson Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you! #MAGA 
If you murder a police officer you should receive the death penalty! 
...replied “Yes Absolutely.” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY.” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money...
...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party we know that police officers are not villains but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365!
For the entire summer Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars precinct stations and courthouses Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS.” When asked if he would cut police funding Biden...
Our thoughts are with the two @LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery. 
I was right these people were all wrong and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy! 
...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen further reducing prices.
Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over...
Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!
They just don’t get it! 
Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World by far. India second! 
But people don’t want to get mugged beaten up or killed. Let New York’s Finest (who proudly endorsed me!) do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC FAST!!! 
In the highly competitive world of high tech how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average & supposedly outdated “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?
I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question OVER! Save NYC instead. 
If they die fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this! 
Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly he’s bleeding profusely and is no longer “hot”. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers. 
Animals that must be hit hard! 
I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada to put violent criminals behind bars and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China. If we win AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins China wins. If Biden Wins the rioters anarchists and arsonists win. VOTE! #MAGA
I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years! #MAGA 
...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great.” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth and our destiny is blessed by God!
Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention they decried America as a wicked sinful nation destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice...
THANK YOU NEVADA! #MAGA 
Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!
Just landed see you soon Minden Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
While I travel the Country Joe sleeps in his basement telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe you have basically gone into retirement!
Once again Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile your Favorite President me will go to Reno Nevada tonight three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry we won’t be taking off Tuesday either!
ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON!  
WOW — THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Love it thank you! #MAGA 
CONGRATULATIONS! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Thank you IDAHO! #MAGA 
Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN
On my way Nevada!
Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone? 
Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection  via @BreitbartNews. Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP. I will never let you down!
“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.”.@GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES! 
Join me tomorrow night in Henderson Nevada! #MAGA 
See you tonight Minden Nevada. I am on my way! #MAGA 
All that time and money spent and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!
The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy & the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system even though much smaller &  with far fewer Ballots to count have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots & Fraud!
Subject only to State approval our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND. Thank you! @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @SenatorFischer @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds   @KimReynoldsIA @EPAAWheeler @SecretarySonny @govkristinoem
Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700000 illegally given to him and his wife for his wife’s political campaign by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?
....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt & a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!
Thank you! 
Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!! 
Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News! 
Great! 
A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY! 
Really Sad! 
"What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?" @LizMacDonaldFOX @realKTMcFarland 
WOW! Do you believe this!? 
THANK YOU to the 28000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California Oregon and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way! 
Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly both economically and in terms of high crime as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!
Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!
Joint Statement of the United States the Kingdom of Bahrain and the State of Israel 
In 2001 our Nation united under God made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment. 
#NeverForget #September11 
Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities great jobs and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us despite all that we have been through we are changing Washington! #MAGA 
I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China my agenda is Made in the USA! 
If Joe Biden is elected far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd your vote will SAVE AMERICA! 
...the vaccine destroy the suburbs erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!
On November 3rd Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE ban American Energy confiscate your guns shutdown the economy shutdown auto production delay...
When we win I as your President will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGA
Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!
Mary Miller (@Miller_Congress) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border Life Low Taxes and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IL15 
Congressman @RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NC08 
Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NM02 
Jim Bognet (@Bognet4congress) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime and he is Strong on Jobs our Military Vets and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA08 
.@LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment Jobs Energy Healthcare and our incredible Military & Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #CO03 
.@Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman she strongly supports our Brave First Responders & Law Enforcement Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03 
.@ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement School Choice Military Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #FL19 
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern.
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern.
The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW & ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects Anarchists Agitators Looters and of course “Friendly Protesters”.
Democrats OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY) NOW! When schools are closed let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!
Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm no panic!
New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win! 
Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney a man with very little talent or political skill as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!
Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!
“Comey is a disgraced lier & leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee
Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!
Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser Jamie Weinstein into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother Richard Goodstein together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!
One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I “did a phenomenal job”. But he didn’t!!! 
Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad! 
Your mother is GREAT! 
No Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect” but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly way off. Why didn’t Vindman say so? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam! 
New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30 at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction but should go faster!
Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me no matter how proper or well delivered &  systematically in complete conjunction with all of their allies dismantle it. With Biden they only give him softballs and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!
You don’t want to miss @SeanHannity’s segment with @KarlRove. Thank you! 
LET'S BRING THEM HOME! @TuckerCarlson 
Thank you @LizMacDonaldFOX & @KristinBTate! 
Great job @ChuckGrassley you really get it! 
Thank you @LouDobbs! 
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!
For years Fake stories and investigations then the phony Russia Russia Russia HOAX next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY and lastly the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!
Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs...
...If in doubt ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!
These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement with no proof and think they can get away with it...
...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!
On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter” who is known for disinformation the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true...
The failed former Governor of Michigan RINO Rick Snyder who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!) is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder whose political career was ruined by Flint hurt a lot of people in Michigan...
...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!
Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything! #ClementeDay #Retire21 
I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House.
Congratulations @CorkyForSenate! 
Congratulations Matt @Mowers! 
The United States Navy or the Department of Defense will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well and with such great compassion & skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolan
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Mark! 
Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord  via @nypost
Thank you! 
We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!
Great book! 
Wow! 
Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310000  via @BreitbartNews Great!
A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign. Thanks Zach! 
Donald Trump: If Biden Wins China Wins. It‘s as Simple as That  via @BreitbartNews. Would be a disaster for the USA!
Thank you Winston-Salem North Carolina! #MAGA 
Great new book by Sarah! 
Great new book out today “Speaking for Myself: Faith Freedom and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by @SarahHuckabee Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today! 
.@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also congratulations to Sean @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!
Just landed in North Carolina thank you! 
Police Chief and most of the police in Rochester N.Y. have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and of courses Governor Cuomo have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money High Taxes & Crime Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!
Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!
Just left Florida see everyone tonight in North Carolina! #MAGA 
Thank you Jupiter Florida! 
Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors! 
Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!
Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!
On my way to the Great State of Florida see you soon! 
They are not “peaceful protesters” as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!
....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries if more money is needed which I doubt it will be I will put it up!
Because of the China Virus my Campaign which has raised a lot of money was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban etc.). We did and are doing a GREAT job and have a lot of money left over much more than 2016....
Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in this violence is “coming to the Suburbs” and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!
My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - & are up in polls. Lots of $’s & ENERGY!
The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election perhaps in our history! #MAGA
The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!
New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor & Mayor are destroying the place!
True! 
Based on their bad ratings so would many! 
Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!
If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down and fast he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh.
Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged & sick they all are! 
Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230 immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you! @HawleyMO @MarshaBlackburn 
Thank you Natalie! 
Thank you! 
Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News! 
Rigged Election! 
Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances! #MAGA 
Thank you Boris working great together! 
Great! 
Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!! 
....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate Kamala won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words LAW & ORDER!
BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists not protesters are Biden voters but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!
The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists Agitators Looters and just plain Lunatics will not be happy but they will behave!
This guy is given the answer to questions which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna  involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam (FAKE) candidate. Sad! 
Winners All! 
Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN! 
Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate)! 
Get Out and Vote for Matt @Mowers! 
Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax! 
The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA! 
.@CNN IS FAKE NEWS and all smart people know that! 
Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!
Exclusive: Zach Fuentes Top Aide to John Kelly Denies Atlantic Story About Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important ever Election!
Biggest & Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case CRASH!
Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!
Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever unless a Sleepy person who wants to massively raise your taxes gets in. I’m which case CRASH!!!
Rochester N.Y. Brooklyn N.Y. Portland - All had bad nights all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?
10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months A Record!!!
Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new the story of his life.
Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election  via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden & Hunter got in!
Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House 1:00 P.M. Jobs number and the Economic comeback are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!
Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus) especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming and fast!
A so-called peaceful protest! 
Thank you! 
A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats their partner the Fake News Media & Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country and must stop now. Victory 2020!
Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!
Lunacy! 
These are the Democrats “peaceful protests”. Sick! 
Big Ten Football is looking really good but may lose Michigan Illinois and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?
The Democrats together with the corrupt Fake News Media have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything like their recent lies about me and the Military and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!
Department of Education is looking at this. If so they will not be funded! 
The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN! 
Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting  money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man (Goldberg) and spews FAKE NEWS & HATE. Call her write her let her know how you feel!!! 
....fix it and fast. The current recipient has no chance and won’t even try. As I have often said Baltimore is last in everything WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!
....Baltimore will turn around and I will help. Crime will go way down money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION Kimberly will..
Wish I could join you but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you! #MAGA 
Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW & ORDER!
Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China President Putin of Russia or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well I suspect but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!
Thank you! 
Great job @PeteHegseth one of a kind! @foxandfriends
Not any more! 
....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier which was pushed hard by John McCain & then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t we will WIN & have four great years!
You work so hard for the military from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises and then a slimeball reporter maybe working with disgruntled people makes up such a horrible charge..
Letters from so many coaches athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree has done so much for so many! 
Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies  via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!
So true! 
Nice flag! 
Thank you Mark! 
Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! 
First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘  via @BreitbartNews
Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump  via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”.
Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220000 on GoFundMe  via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!
Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story  via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!
Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election and as my poll numbers rocket up the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!
The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
A GREAT HONOR THANK YOU! 
Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!
Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!
...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!
Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward...
The Atlantic Magazine is dying like most magazines so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight and then people realize it was a total fraud!
Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible.
Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson. Do your job and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell! @TheJusticeDept @FBI
I was never a big fan of John McCain disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets but the lowering of our Nations American Flags and the first class funeral he was given by our....
..Country had to be approved by me as President & I did so without hesitation  or complaint. Quite the contrary I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body in casket from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also I never called..
....John a loser and swear on whatever or whoever I was asked to swear on that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting & jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!
THANK YOU LATROBE PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
Landing soon - see you in Latrobe Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you!!! 
Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days) then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law & Order!
Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days) then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law & Order!
I’m going to Latrobe Pennsylvania the home of the late great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well played golf with him and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! 
...To the leaders of Iran I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews 
Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star 27-year-old Navid Afkarai whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”...
Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?
Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out like @FoxNews the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!
.@FoxNews Polls are as in the past Fake News. They have been from the beginning way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!
Based on the massive number of Unsolicited & Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election & in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS & IS COUNTED SIGN & MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day or Early Voting..
.....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote & the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives....
....after you Vote which it should not that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast & tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED it hasn’t been “lost thrown out or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
.@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors who have been illegally after me and my family for years to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11000 DEAD!
Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this & now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! 
Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!
Thank you Michele! 
My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people burn buildings and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45
Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters”. The Anarchists Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!
The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧
Can you believe what’s happening!? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions and he reads them an answer! 
Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!
When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts by a lot it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back. Life 2nd A Energy Religion Jobs and the Economy would be totally obliterated!
Will soon be heading to Wilmington North Carolina and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!
2016 was AMAZING but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!
The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in on tape is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in of all places Massachusetts!
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened when all others are closed and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House and send Nancy packing!
Seriously is this what our great USA wants as its leader? 
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!
Rigged Election? 
The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history by far! 
Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate problem over! 
This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
See even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! 
We catch them all! 
Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone and fast!!! 
Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice Fredo must go! 
Mike Pence was never put on standby & there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed together with the full press pool was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit then returned (with press) to W.H... 
Kenosha Wisconsin we’re with you all the way! 
Great honor but think we are much higher than 46%. Hidden vote! 
There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS! 
Not even a “minor” one. Thank you! 
True! 
Drudge didn’t support me in 2016 and I hear he doesn’t support me now. Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself or the other party’s “candidate”. 
I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader.
Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good (great!) for everyone - Players Fans Country. On the one yard line!
Heading to Kenosha Wisconsin to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!
It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President me went to Walter Reed Medical Center having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!
Good luck to Sean Compton a winner at everything he does! 
People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!
Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad! 
Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican & if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding healthcare our Military & Vets. She has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
My son Donald just wrote a really important new book “Liberal Privilege” talking with great knowledge of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller again! @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity
I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Just watched what Biden had to say. To me he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters Anarchists Agitators and Looters which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!
LAW & ORDER!
The Radical Left Mayors &  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this but the Anarchists & Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
I’ve been getting really good polls some over 50% except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample R or D or anything else. They did this last Election with one week to go down 12 points and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!
Portland is a mess and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up we will go in and do it for them!
If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha Wisconsin there would be no Kenosha right now. Also there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists Thugs & Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN & Crime Infested Democrat Cities & States? Remember he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!
....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them like Crooked Hillary did he is “toast” and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh where I have helped industry to a record last year & then back to his  basement for an extended period...
Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Don’t worry he’ll go back to basement soon! 
Rest In Peace Jay! 
A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!! 
The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
Ted Wheeler the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor....
....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse because he couldn’t do it....
..The people of Portland like all other cities &  parts of our great Country want Law & Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors like the dummy running Portland or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime will never be able to do it!
LAW & ORDER!!!
.@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews
Moving along nicely. MAGA! 
Michael knows!!! 
Their minds are gone!!! 
.@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser 
The National Guard is Ready Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! 
Tone down the language but TRUE! 
This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! 
Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! 
Thank you. We will not let them down! 
Play Football Big Ten! 
GREAT PATRIOTS! 
Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! 
Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! 
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! 
Wheeler is incompetent much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety & Security and do NOT want to Defund our Police! 
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland and other Democrat run cities are disgusted with Schumer Pelosi and thier local “leaders”. They want Law & Order! 
The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! 
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic they got. They all said on tape the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - 
The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife Kelly together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
Just returned to Washington from Louisiana & Texas after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!
Probably Shifty Schiff but others also LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about including China these deranged lowlifes like the Russia Russia Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! 
Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!
Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota   Thank you so much. I will never let you down!
Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin“in ten days.” Sadly that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster smarter and tougher response than that. Get out there today Joe!
....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana & Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA & @FEMA_Pete are together with Law Enforcement and First Responders doing a great job!
..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton social pretenders like Bob Woodward who never has anything good to say or an unstable niece who was now rightfully shunned scorned and mocked her entire life and never even liked by her own very kind & caring grandfather!
About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!
I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked and quickly!!! 
Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT! 
Texas loves John! 
Esther is GREAT! 
Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington! 
Bill is GREAT! 
Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess! 
The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers. The @latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump”. Phony sources they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd. 
Great crowd great people! 
Thank you! 
My Campaign despite all of the Fake News Fake Books and pathetic reporting written about me and it has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!
Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!) we had 147.9 million the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention  AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd.
The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!
Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works it’s all very simple. Portland with a very ungifted mayor should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered we’re going in!
Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!
How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?
Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also much bigger fund raising numbers!
If the incompetent Mayor of Portland Ted Wheeler doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists Agitators Rioters and Looters causing great danger to innocent people we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!
Leading in Michigan leading in Minnesota leading all over. Sorry! 
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 
Landing in New Hampshire!
No I want Big Ten and all other football back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back for political reasons but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States.
Heading to New Hampshire!
Thank you! #MAGA 
Great Ratings & Reviews Last Night. Thank you!
Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!
Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists Agitators Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime just as they do in Portland. If they ask us as they must do we will end crime in their Democrat run cities FAST!
The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats and this has gone on for DECADES!
We will NOT stand for looting arson violence and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (Portland should do the same!)...
...TODAY I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha WI to restore LAW and ORDER!
Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state & local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas Louisiana and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you! 
Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”.  If this happened (which it won’t) China would own our Country and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!
Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready willing and more than able. End problem FAST!
80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!
We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown) the Governor of Oregon and Mayor @TedWheeler of Portland to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago...
...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request.
I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!
...More JOBS from Eastport Cutler & Jonesport to Stonington Friendship and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!
For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent & missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!
Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!
THANK YOU #RNC2020! 
Thank you to @CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer. 
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!
Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary  via @BreitbartNews
GOD BLESS THE USA! 
All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!
Incredible that @CNN & MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States rather than @FoxNews anchors. Ridiculous!
Continued... 
Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale on Hydroxychloroquine. 
The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign! 
Watch Mark Levin on air now. Great! @FoxNews
Actually I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN
Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet Senator Chrisie Coons why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?
“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle” said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!
Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 
Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes which are a voter security disaster. Among other things they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also who controls them are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
Now they’re trying to deny this but they can’t! 
.@LouDobbs wrote a great new book “The Trump Century How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! 
A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma which I signed last week means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50% 60% maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!
Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!
Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery Joe Biden said “I would shut it down” referring to our Country. He has no clue!
Terrible! 
We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black & Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd. 
....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!
Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes  without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam....
In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!
Many doctors and studies disagree with this! 
The deep state or whoever over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed and saving lives! @SteveFDA
Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs and they will reconstitute on steroids their low income suburbs plan!
Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee the designated site of the DNC. The State & City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians and ALL this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!
Another bad night of Rioting in Portland Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only (great job!). Wanting to be asked by City & State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard end problem immediately. ASK!
Robert I Love You. Rest In Peace!
In 47 years Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change just words!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
After the worst debate performance in the history of politics Michael Bloomberg commonly known as Mini Mike is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics he said GREAT things about me!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!  @FoxNews
To get into the Democrat National Convention you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee I wonder WHY???
They are sending out 51000000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!
The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead they will search & find people then “harvest” & return Ballots. Not fair!
AMERICA FIRST! #MAGA 
I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1000 criminals including 90 killers all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety & security Joe allows CRIME!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
THANK YOU DONNA! #MAGA 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Thank you so much! 
They would own our Country! 
It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices especially mine!
Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden who gave you me! 
My great honor!!! 
BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???
WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?
HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND GOT CAUGHT!
“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox
Welcome Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle! 
Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday & Monday just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr
Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! (This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game and we have to start playing it now!).
With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies drug prices will be coming down 50 60 and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys plus. Likewise Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!
IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!
“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016 affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller
Big win Matt! 
She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker? 
Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet! 
Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back and fast. Don’t blow it Baltimore the Democrats have destroyed your city! 
Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning very impressed. Your next opponent Charlie Crist is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime our Military Vets & 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!
.@Amazon and others in that business should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health” now vibrant with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!
In California Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand...
...Meanwhile I gave America energy independence in fact so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!
The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!
People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here as your President because of them!
A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC & State everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked & Incompetent! 
John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio ran for President and was easy to beat and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser! 
Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor who I do not know (never heard of him) said he left & is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!
The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!
Looking back into history the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!
....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history of any country turned it off saved millions of lives and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing NASDAQ is already at a record high the rest to follow. Sit back & watch!
Somebody please explain to @MichelleObama that Donald J. Trump would not be here in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for the job done by your husband Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought a good reason for that very late &  unenthusiastic endorsement.....
Thank you. Will never let you down! 
Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11000 not the 6000 that was originally thought!
Cuomo just like his brother Fredo has not got a very good memory! 
A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals & heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!
She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake! 
Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!
NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!
SAVE THE POST OFFICE!
Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday during the Republican Convention rather than now while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!
Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!
Just landed in Mankato Minnesota!
Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley and Governor Kim Reynolds.
What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from @FoxNews!
Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!
The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911
Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great going Jim. Proud of you! 
Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it we will! 
Thank you Franklin! 
Thank you James! 
“If carefully done according to the guidelines there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci
.@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair & Balanced” job!
Voter Scam! 
The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots like they have in Florida are good! 
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
If Obama did this they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it! 
Thank you! 
Would be terrible for our Country! 
More Fake News! 
Fake News! 
Great work by the Governors of AZ IA LA and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov & @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications that we APPROVED QUICKLY to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!
So true but we won’t let that happen! 
Wow! 
The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won! 
So terrible! 
Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also his reporters have zero drive. Why can’t my reporters behave like that? Something is going on! 
Thank you to the great Pat Lynch & the @NYCPBA. I will never let you down! 
We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the @NYCPBA for your endorsement. God Bless the #NYPD and God Bless America! 
Today it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the @NYCPBA! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life. New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down! #MAGA 
Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent Steve Bullock would be an absolute horror for Montana...
...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the @NRA. Steve on the other hand just received an A+ rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MTSEN 
Senator @CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military Vets and the Second Amendment Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate Crooked Hillary Clinton was much smarter and sharper than Slow  Joe we have even more ENTHUSIASM now and @FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!
I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400000! It is my honor to give $100000 to @NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!! 
Going up the East River Drive and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back! #LESM #MAGA 
Just landed in New York to see my brother Robert. We’re going for New York on November 3rd. We’re going to Reduce Taxes Increase Law Enforcement and bring it back BIG TIME! #MAGA 
I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Great News! 
I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police Fire Fighters First Responders and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!
I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY...
Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans just like the Fake Dossier which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC...
...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE as always just as many of the others have been. But believe it or not lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!
Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back! 
Fake News will never change! 
Today we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!
Thank you Debbie! 
Thank you! 
It was showing signs of future problems but was so good when I left 4 years ago! 
Thank you James. Sadly you are 100% correct!!! 
.@DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands Energy and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
...She will be a great Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military our Vets and protection of the Second Amendment...
The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE! 
Great National Champions thank you Coach O! 
HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends Israel and the United Arab Emirates!
Joint Statement of the United States the State of Israel and the United Arab Emirates 
Drug companies which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN and they are not happy! False advertising!
The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe not even me and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!
Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife Mika and also @CNN headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!).
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30. A.M. Enjoy!
I am sending $15M from @USDOT to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!
Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!
Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in @USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!
Big news for Wisconsin! @USDOT is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!
Good news for Florida! I’m awarding $27.8M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando Jacksonville Ft. Myers/Naples St. Petersburg and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!
Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through @USDOT to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!
Sending $8.3M in @USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville Fayetteville and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!
New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support @RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving!
Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!
BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit @CityLinkPeoria and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!
I’m awarding $14.7M in @USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in @passaic_county. Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!
Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!
Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!
Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity
Big news Oklahoma! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from @USDOT for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely.
Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early supporter of ours Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!
Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!
Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT looks terrible exhausted gaunt and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown check out this jerk. He never had much going for him but whatever he did have is missing in action!
The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me. They want safety & are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it in a bigger form with Corey Booker in charge! @foxandfriends @MariaBartiromo
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also leading in most swing states!
.@KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries and finished weak ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County New Mexico for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! 
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Big Stock Market Numbers!
More Testing which is a good thing (we have the most in the world) equals more Cases which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men & women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
John Bolton one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly I’ve met plenty states often that I respected and even trusted Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true if the first people you met from....
..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey proven liar James Clapper & perhaps the lowest of them all Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!
Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations Madeleine Westerhout entitled “Off the Record”. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what....
....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who unlike most other so called writers was actually there and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book a job well done!
White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Play College Football!
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MNSEN 
My friend Congressman @TomEmmer is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement & National Guard fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN06 
Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN08 
Congressman Jim Hagedorn (@JimHagedornMN) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers Vets and Small Businesses and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MN01 
Congratulations on your big primary win Governor @MikeParson! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MOGOV 
Vote for Michelle – a real winner! #MN07 
CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works & Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. I’ve done a lot for Maine! 
The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled. #WeWantToPlay 
We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday) to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg Pennsylvania and the White House Washington D.C. We will announce the decision soon!
Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!
Portland which is out of control should finally after almost 3 months bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!
RINO Ben Sasse who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska has now that he’s got it (Thank you President T) gone rogue again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners” and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
.@Scaramucci who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by @SteveHiltonx only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration before being fired for again making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said “No Thanks”.
This is Fake News by the failing @nytimes & bad ratings @CNN. Never suggested it although based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years perhaps more than any other Presidency sounds like a good idea to me! 
Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!
Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks 401k’s and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!  #MAGA
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime Military our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus the just announced very good economic numbers and the improving economy at 7pm from Bedminster New Jersey. Also the subject of the Beirut Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
...At 3pm this afternoon spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way loaded up with Medical Supplies Food and Water. Also First Responders Technicians Doctors and Nurses on the way...
...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron leaders of Lebanon and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!
Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut Lebanon...
Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!
Great Jobs Numbers!
After yesterday’s statement Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!
This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully for the good of our Country it is coming soon! 
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery! 
I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before! 
Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away immediately and without notice. No police no guns!
Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘  via @BreitbartNews. Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a “dumb” thing to say!
Just departed for the Great State of Ohio! 
Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut Eviction Protections Unemployment Extensions and Student Loan Repayment Options.
How can voters be sending in Ballots starting in some cases one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate to me is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!
Two wonderful people! 
Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey (and others) from her high position in the Department of “Justice”. The political Crime of the Century and she had no idea what they were doing?
A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic and so true. Keep Sean Number One!
“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh  @TuckerCarlson
Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters he fights for our Military Vets Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TN04 
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign both before and after the election. Treason! 
Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember it means your drug prices are coming way down!
Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!
.@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!
Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months or years to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure over years with two great Republican Governors. Florida send in your Ballots!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
NASA was Closed & Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! 
For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment this is the biggest bill ever passed by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! 
A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! 
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!
Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at: . 
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL“Trump Wins in Portland”“Something big has changed in Portland Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ
I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis
Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders priceless historic treasures grand national monuments and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law! #HR1957 
Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change) so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot & Vote by Mail! #MAGA
Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!
Happy 230th Birthday @USCG!!  
People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!
OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!
My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways thousands and thousands even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down including your Jobs Stocks and 401k’s if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus including Vaccines & Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy Deborah took the bait & hit us. Pathetic!
Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!
My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways thousands and thousands even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!
Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!
FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
With the exception of New York & a few other locations we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (& me) look as bad as possible!
In an illegal late night coup Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! 
....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!
Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost....
Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!
Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!
When you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me forget what they say (which is false) YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!
Big China Virus breakouts all over the World including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t report this. USA will be stronger than ever before and soon! 
Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats headed up by their great leader Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement) are strongly against “Oil Gas Guns & God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!
Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State North Carolina. Will fight for Military Vets 2nd Amendment Lower Taxes & Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS! 
Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations! 
I love Colorado! 
This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation! @GOPChairwoman 
Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer (@LuetkemeyerB) is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman he helped us Lower your Taxes Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO03 
Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler (@VickyH4Congress) works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets protects American Farmers and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO04 
Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence defends your Second Amendment and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO06 
Congressman Billy Long (@auctnr1) fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL protects our Vets and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO07 
Congressman Dan Newhouse (@Newhouse4Rep) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA04 
Cathy McMorris Rodgers (@TeamCMR) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WA05 
Congressman Jason Smith (@JasonSmithMO) is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes Build the Wall and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MO08 
Dale Crafts (@DaleCraftsME) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this! 
“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually it will be much more than that and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!
Very excited to see @SeanHannity’s long awaited new book 'Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today! 
A great new book “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power” written by celebrated constitutional scholar John Yoo is now available. Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom! 
I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made and soon! 
Peggy Noonan a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet doesn’t have a clue and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!
Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!
Jake this wasn’t a Trump Rally but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement (of Florida) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes! 
Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country 60000000. If we tested less there would be less cases. How did Italy France & Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard & smart. We will come back STRONG!:: 
Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!
Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!
We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!
We beat Obama 4 years ago he worked harder than Crooked Hillary and we’ll do it again! 
I’m with you all the way thank you!
I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs THANK YOU! #LESM 
The Democrats are holding back the $1200 to $3400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!
Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
Pelosi & Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments which is so terrible especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed it’s the fault of China!
Pelosi & Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars and much more for their Radical Left Governed States most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
.@BillHagertyTN an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan) is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We just got 50% in Rasmussen and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way Bernie’s people love me on Trade!
Great job by Jim Jordan and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! 
.....Our massive testing capability rather than being praised is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats as a point of scorn. This testing and what we have so quickly done is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!
Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn who doesn’t have a clue that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing or bad testing we would show very few CASES..
Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! 
My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together we will beat the Virus!🌐 
As the Wall goes up illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! 
We are going to WIN the 2020 Election BIG! #MAGA
Must know Election results on the night of the Election not days months or even years later!
Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting which I totally support!).
...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria daughter Melanie and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain a great man. Herman Rest In Peace! 
My friend Herman Cain a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him especially me. He was a very special man an American Patriot and great friend. I just got off...
Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner Guy Caligiuri in St. James Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco
Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad just think lower drug prices!!!
Kate Brown Governor of Oregon isn’t doing her job. She must clear out and in some cases arrest the Anarchists & Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!
With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting which is good) 2020 will be the most INACCURATE & FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly securely and safely vote???
Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ
Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that there’s no accurate count!
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 
New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen but on massive scale with USA. Fake News refuses to report!
.@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor & Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov
Great to be in Texas!
...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...
Just landed in the Great State of Texas! 
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
...With Biden drug prices will quadruple! After many years the game is finally up for Big Pharma and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me only because I am lowering drug prices massively 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years but never did...
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood...
If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech which they should have done years ago I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!
BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!
I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio including @goingplacescle @CAKairport and several others for improvements updates and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!
Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!
I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport Northeast Philadelphia Airport Erie International Airport and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!
Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!
LAW & ORDER!
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
“The Plus Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help” by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld is on sale now. It is great Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!
Great going to a very talented group! 
Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 
....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices at least & Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry blame it on Russia Russia Russia!
The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually they are sick and deranged Anarchists & Agitators who our great men & women of Law Enforcement easily control but who...
....would destroy our American cities and worse if Sleepy Joe Biden the puppet of the Left ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus soon and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending” where sooo many trends are about me and never a good one. They look for anything they can find make it as bad as possible and blow it up trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous illegal and of course very unfair!
Anarchists Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues & Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgov
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland we are protecting Federal property including the Courthouse which wouldn’t last a day!
Rigged Election and EVERYONE knows it! 
Where is JUSTICE? 
Wow! 
He is and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! 
Nice! 
We do more testing than any country in the World by far over 55 million tests. Fake News @CNN says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited just want Sleepy Joe to win in November! 
The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations! 
The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place & everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!
Because of my strong focus on the China Virus including scheduled meetings on Vaccines our economy and much else I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!
The Lamestream Media including @FoxNews which has really checked out is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland Seattle and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters not radical left ANARCHISTS!
There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet Joe Biden when they are against fracking steel production and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise Texas and many other states!!!
So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox which has been terrible. We will win anyway even with the phony @FoxNews suppression polls (which have been seriously wrong for 5 years)! 
The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM according to many than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls & Fake News will not save the Radical Left.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her but soon admitted that I was right!
Brett LOVES Wisconsin Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG! 
This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him however because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!
Thank you Jon! 
My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii & Hurricane Hanna which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials @Hawaii_EMA & @TDEM to protect your family & property! 
One of the greats in the history of television Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves at 88. He was a fantastic person and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television” and he did it well. Regis we love you....
....And to Joy his wonderful wife who he loved so much my warmest condolences!!!
@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!
The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!
Wow! 
Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma with its vast power would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....
...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high jacked up prices to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!
Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved! 
Wow. Win in 2020!!! 
So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Congratulations @JimRyun!  
I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”.
Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build in TEXAS what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas & @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!
The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!
WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! 
White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it and make it even better! 
Obama who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!) is now making a commercial of support. Remember I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!
The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans therefore didn’t want to ask for it. Dems as usual are hurting the working men and women of our Country!
Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge former head of Homeland Security trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland who last night was booed & shouted out of existence by the agitators & anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!
We did great things but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! 
John Bolton is with the exception of Hillary by far the worst offender of them all! 
Great but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? 
Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must at least treat us fairly!!!
I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader alongside his brother Medgar for Civil Rights. 
We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!
Mail-In Voting unless changed by the courts will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTION
Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!
“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriends
You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus but by comparison to most other countries who are suffering greatly we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!
Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!
Looking forward to live sports but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag the game is over for me!
Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees making things very interesting!
We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me your favorite President! 
Congratulations Allen great job! 
So we catch Obama & Biden not to even mention the rest of their crew SPYING on my campaign AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!
The Radical Left Democrats who totally control Biden will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York Chicago Philadelphia. NO!
We are trying to help Portland not hurt it. Their leadership has for months lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters these are the real deal!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m
Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family.
Great job Tammy! 
Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie and other things that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!
....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me some good some bad. Both happily and sadly there will be more to come!
I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton a war mongering fool violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars which
....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump a seldom seen niece who knows little about me says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my....
I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11 2001 as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993 will never be forgotten!
In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing indoor air quality and food pantry support.
THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the @NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL & COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights your Guns or your Police! @NRAPVF 
THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL & COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM 
...be on the way and Americans want safe streets and communities!
I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies will remain in that role while being a Senior Advisor to the...
...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast the economy is getting better vaccines and therapeutics will soon...
Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done! #StopExecutionsInIran
Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police Abolish ICE Abolish Bail Abolish Suburbs Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
Wow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing a total mess!
Great News on Vaccines!
96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!
88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends
.@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired people are buying like crazy!
Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders & Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders crime really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!
“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends  That is the understatement of the year!!!
Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas and the USA very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!
A GREAT WIN! 
Wow just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd.
Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You & your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America and neither will anyone else!
Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!
LAW & ORDER!
This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! 
The Economy is coming back fast! 
Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues including defense trade energy and telecommunications security!
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
The Silent Majority will reign!
So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission just like they have so many others. Sad but we will WIN!
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly and so disrespectfully!!!
“Republican voter registration is way up Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends
Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings media will go down along with our great USA! 
No Radical Left anarchists agitators looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
Thank you to J.R. Majewski a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends
I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing almost never during the week a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer....
...rounds no problem. When I play Fake News CNN and others park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually I play VERY fast get a lot of work done on the golf course and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!
We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone including many criminals to come in!
I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall in a tricky area by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall 500 plus miles. 
Do RINO’S Pat Toomey & Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama Biden & Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey McCabe Page & her lover Peter S the whole group ran rampant wild & unchecked - lying & leaking all the way? NO!
Does anyone notice that the real Polls as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016 are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left Crime Cancel Culture or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
Does anyone notice that the real Polls as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016 are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left Crime Cancel Culture or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!
New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth and the FBI knew it! @OANN
Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!
Bring back Steele!!! 
So cute! 
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals including Biden and Obama who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
That shouldn’t be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people! 
John among others should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia Russia Russia as Fake News. He was right. The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers which have become a JOKE! 
This was just another phony hit job by the @nytimes. They had no source they made it up. FAKE NEWS! 
This man should be extradited tried and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary & the DNC! 
Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law & Order! 
Congratulations to @seanhannity on a big night as usual! 
“Joe Biden a little out of it let’s face it so he is the perfect vessel an empty vessel to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.”  Ned Ryan
I LOVE @GoyaFoods!
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe we will be there soon! #MAGA2020
... and/or Funding which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated not Indoctrinated!
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination not Education. Therefore I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status...
On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! 
“Don’t throw the American story into the river don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! 
Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis and firsthand Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School or On Campus Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!
The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever” looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at   A great honor Lou!
President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York which is falling apart with everyone leaving to give it a second third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given...
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election everyone knows it and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York which is falling apart with everyone leaving to give it a second third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a  delay ruling that they would never have given...
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election everyone knows it and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!
The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt and others and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!
PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!
“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct Maria it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER JUST WATCH!!!
Congratulations to Jeff @VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent! #MAGA2020 
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high 401k’s way up!!!!
I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough & expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!
In Germany Denmark Norway  Sweden and many other countries SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election but is important for the children & families. May cut off funding if not open!
Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!
We will miss GREAT Country Rocker Charlie Daniels who passed away yesterday in Hermitage Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels
“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times @WashTimes  Valerie Richardson.  We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts but they don’t!
“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported based on a large sampling that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons (me!). Disgraceful. Act now @US_FDA @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
Wall is moving fast in Texas Arizona New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders! 
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39% and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39% and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong the people get it!
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China especially so early therefore far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis...
...of 2541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2 2020 across the system’s six hospitals the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews
BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also Deaths in the U.S. are way down a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and our Economy is coming back strong!).
Deaths from the China Virus are down 39% while our great testing program continues to lead the World by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are indeed FAKE NEWS!
They name teams out of STRENGTH not weakness but now the Washington Redskins & Cleveland Indians two fabled sports franchises look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians like Elizabeth Warren must be very angry right now!
NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!
“This is no longer about peaceful protesting this is about angry violent criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!).
Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers & officials who came to his aid stood by his side & were willing to sacrifice everything for him only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That & Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there) to disintegrate and disappear vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor FAST!
Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester  via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!
New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing) deaths are down “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should report this and also that new job numbers are setting records!
Democrats want to Defund & Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!
Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo & @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready willing and able to help if asked!
.@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN & @newsmax instead. Much better!
.@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick & tired of watching the Democrat run cities in all cases falling apart. Also now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!
Wow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen desperate. Watch what happens!
On this wonderful day we celebrate our history our heroes our heritage our flag and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone! #SaluteToAmerica 
Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!
Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!
Would lead to disaster! 
....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world! 
This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue but he wouldn’t be calling the shots!!! 
...And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in and we were all set it would still be a squatter’s (anarchist’s) mess! 
....In a certain way our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want CASES. In the meantime Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You don’t hear about that from the Fake News and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???
Cases Cases Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully we would have very few cases. If you test 40000000 people you are going to have many cases that without the testing (like other countries) would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News.....
“Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification.” Great historian Doug Wead
Thank you my friend. America loves India! 
Great! 
The @nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd. 
An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington tough and smart!!! 
Sara the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job & together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia Russia Russia should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong! 
Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom! 
Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump  via @BreitbartNews Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!
Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
Congressman @DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda! He is Strong on the Wall Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement. #AZ04 
Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran he is Strong on the Economy Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX23 
...talks big for the worker but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan who has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OH13 
Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda she is Strong on Jobs Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure Tim Ryan who...
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes the Border and the Second Amendment...
....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
My friend @BillHagertyTN will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy Trade and the Wall Bill stands Tall for Law & Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congratulations @BurgessOwens on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life Military Vets and the #2A he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #UT04 
NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs
Actually a must read. Really good! 
There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news but even better news is that death and the death rate is DOWN. Also younger people who get better much easier and faster!
He cannot pass the test I “aced”. He should give it a try!!! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now with the Patterson N.J. being the most recent example. Republicans in particular cannot let this happen!
.@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!
Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington! 
Minnesota we need Lacy Johnson in Washington D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner and Vote for Lacy! 
The Governor of North Carolina @RoyCooperNC made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars & JOBS lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForestNC!
The Governor of North Carolina @RoyCooperNC made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars & JOBS lost by State. VOTE FOR @DanForrest!
If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed in force all looting burning and crime stopped DEAD!
“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.”  Dave Rubin author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity
The United States has been experiencing believe it or not  Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or putting an end to our great Second Amendment!
Thank you George! 
The Governor of North Carolina @RoyCooperNC made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars & JOBS lost by State. VOTE FOR @danforrest
Dr. Taylor Marshall author. “There Is A War On Christianity”.  @OANN
SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE! 
We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley @HouseGOP and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA 
HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS! #MAGA 
News Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!
Special thank you to the @UnitedWarVets @GrucciFireworks @Scotts_MGro and @FedEx — for their support of what will without question be a special evening! #Salute2America 
NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big expensive yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New York’s Finest who LOVE New York & vividly remember the....
....horrible BLM chant “Pigs In A Blanket Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates & disrespects them won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me & the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases Markets and your 401k’s will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
My Executive Order to protect Monuments Statues etc. IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source reveal it. Just another HOAX!
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC a Concast Company was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!
Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said Fake News does not pay!!!
“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety & security!
Happening fast! 
I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg Fort Robert E. Lee and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars is in the Bill!
Congratulations on a really great win! 
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!
He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! 
She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? 
At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs and others I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners I may END!
This is a battle to save the Heritage History and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA I become more and more angry at China. People can see it and I can feel it!
Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!
THE LONE WARRIOR!
Chuck we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! 
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
Senator @CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your #2A loves our Vets and Military and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #COSEN 
Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016 the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me & their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW ORDER & SAFETY!
Seattle Looters Agitators Anarchists and “Protestors” are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!
95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges & Supreme Court Justice’s a new & powerful Military Choice for Vets 2A Protection big RegulationCuts Life & much more!
Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in: United States.
Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible and therefore did not report it to me or @VP. Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax maybe by the Fake News @nytimesbooks wanting to make Republicans look bad!!! 
Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting on the other hand will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!
Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie just the opposite of what they are saying & very much like their Fake News partners!
The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good! 
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it this “person” probably does not even exist! 
Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!
Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments Statues etc. with many people being arrested all over our Country the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!
Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends
Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything but especially Russia!
Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! 
...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden & Obama Russia had a field day taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?
Nobody briefed or told me @VP Pence or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it & there have not been many attacks on us.....
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more.
Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!
....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS ALWAYS ALWAYSALWAYS!!!
Now that the very expensive unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us many States & the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE.....
Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night more than @CNN & MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls the Silent Majority not FAKE POLLS!
....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden Nancy Pelosi and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court your 2nd Amendment permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also our Heritage History and LAW & ORDER!
I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments Memorials and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!
Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!
I was going to go to Bedminster New Jersey this weekend but wanted to stay in Washington D.C. to make sure LAW & ORDER is enforced. The arsonists anarchists looters and agitators have been largely stopped...
...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!
MANY people in custody with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences! @FBIWFO 
He has no idea so the answer is yes!!! 
Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. “Embers” or flare ups will be put out as necessary!
I was honored to be in Wisconsin today on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine! 
If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isn’t the media reporting it? 
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!
LAW & ORDER!
Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled & beautiful Fifth Avenue right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket Fry ‘Em Like Bacon” referring to killing Police is their chant. NYC Police are furious!
Black Lives Matter leader states “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason Sedition Insurrection!
The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY! 
When are the thugs looters and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!
The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up because of GREAT TESTING while the number of deaths (mortality rate) goes way down. The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that!
Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!) Carly Fiorina said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me twice in one campaign that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!
A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly) and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry
“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys anarchists & looters many of them having no idea what they are doing indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art but all represent our History & Heritage both....
....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember even in turbulent and difficult times and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!
Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
LAW & ORDER!
Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say SO SORRY? And what about Obama & Biden?
Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! 
It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped and now!
Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill the #JUSTICEAct up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!
BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!
Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! 
We broke them up last night fast. Numerous are and will be in prison! 
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley.
....Dr. Anthony Fauci who is with us in all ways a very high 72% Approval Rating. So if he is in charge along with V.P. etc. and with us doing all of these really good things why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!
We did a great job on CoronaVirus including the very early ban on China Ventilator production and Testing which is by far the most and best in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington D.C. as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!
Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
.....This action is taken effective immediately but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act or such other laws that may be pertinent.....
Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail money seized for disseminating for profit highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!
See Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! 
Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True and he broke the law! 
Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism in Lafayette Park of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!
Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? 
So terrible! 
The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!
I brought back Cars & Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan & everywhere else!!! 
A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy! 
WOW! The Trump Rally gives @FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY”. Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!
Rather hard to believe that @FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction fully financed & already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year”.  @BretBaier
Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of @FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction the battle (war) is won the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion. @BretBaier
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history” 
Senator Jim Inhofe (@InhofeForSenate) delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran he fights hard for our Military Vets Small Businesses and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OKSEN 
Congressman @FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers Small Businesses and Vets and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK03 
Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military Vets and Brave Law Enforcement and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04
Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border Infrastructure Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK02 
Congressman Kevin Hern (@krhern) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman he is Strong on the Wall our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK01 
If people can go out and protest riot break into stores and create all sorts of havoc they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out who knows where they are going and to whom?
Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One & World War Two with no problem but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!
I gave John Bolton who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko and was not liked a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent and a liar.   See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!
RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘  via @BreitbartNews. This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!
Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater (25 million tests) and so much more advanced that it makes us look like we have more cases especially proportionally than other countries. My message on that is very clear!
Ridiculous don’t do it! 
Actually that would be a big improvement - and she would win! 
“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews  True we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs & Growth!!!
A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen & Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police they keep us safe!
Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING! 
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE! #MAGA 
....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!
.....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!
Wow I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple John Bolton....
Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally  via @BreitbartNews Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!
The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down & burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!  @MayorBowser
Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard & end rioting & looting after seeing the destruction & crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State...
....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities & States including statue demolition should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready Willing & Able!@TuckerCarlson
@TuckerCarlson
Joe Biden’s rally. ZERO enthusiasm! 
Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE! #SchoolChoiceNow 
Senator Mitch McConnell (@Team_Mitch) always delivers for the people of Kentucky who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KYSEN 
Congressman @BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate he is Strong on Jobs Reducing Taxes and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY02 
.@ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL and he is Strong on the Border Military and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #VA02 
Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY05
Congressman @JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers and is Strong on Trade Cutting Taxes and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KY01
I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa G.T. Bynum who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum! @gtbynum
Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag I won’t be watching!!!
Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!
The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years including when Sleepy Joe was V.P. and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite & China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also I LOVE Seniors & protect Preexisting C’s.
Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasn’t started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!
If the Dems get in our Country is in big trouble! 
“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”
Any protesters anarchists agitators looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand you will not be treated like you have been in New York Seattle or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!
.@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!
...ruling & request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov
The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA nothing was lost or won. They “punted” much like in a football game (where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag). We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s.....
Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!
$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!
Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec Oxford Penobscot and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!
$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!
Big news for @EagleCounty Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70 between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!
I’m designating $56.8M to @DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!
Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work @GovRonDeSantis!
$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!
I’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!
$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded @USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland Columbus and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!
.@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!
.@Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from @USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!
Proposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!
Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from @USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!
.@TulsaPort $6.2M is coming your way from @USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!
.@SCDOTPress will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area! @RockHillSCCity @YorkCountySC @YorkCountySCGov
Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
.@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!
I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!
Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in @Port_Huron. CRITCAL for security operations and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!
It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option under various conditions of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!
First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See I was ahead of our times!
Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done @USCG! 
...Based on decisions being rendered now this list is more important than ever before (Second Amendment Right to Life Religous Liberty etc.) – VOTE 2020!
I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees which may include some or many of those already on the list by September 1 2020. If given the opportunity I will only choose from this list as in the past a Conservative Supreme Court Justice...
As President of the United States I am asking for a legal solution on DACA not a political one consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one so now we have to start this process all over again.
The DACA decision while a highly political one and seemingly not based on the law gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!
The recent Supreme Court decisions not only on DACA Sanctuary Cities Census and others tell you only one thing we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power your Second Amendment Right to Life Secure Borders and...
...Religious Liberty among many other things are OVER and GONE!
Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me?
These horrible & politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment & everything else. Vote Trump 2020!
....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea even now. I asked him “what the hell were you thinking?” He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on I should have fired him right then & there!
When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un who we were getting along with very well went “ballistic” just like his missiles - and rightfully so....
Bolton’s book which is getting terrible reviews is a compilation of lies and made up stories all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
“It’s a terrible situation and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office and to be honest with you he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews
“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
.@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
“BLITZ Trump Will Smash the Left and Win” by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book great author!
Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! 
Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies & fake stories. Said all good about me in print until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue was ostracized & happily dumped. What a dope!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven & is very proud of his wonderful & loving mom!!! 
True! 
.@LyndaBennettNC has my Complete & Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter & ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime Borders Military our Great Vets & 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
Congressman @LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve & works hard for our Vets & First Responders. He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border our Military and Vets and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET AND JOBS!
So true! 
“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” 
“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
LAW & ORDER!
Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing or weak testing we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad but good to have!!!
The Far Left Fake News Media which had no Covid problem with the Rioters & Looters destroying Democrat run cities is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!
Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa Oklahoma!
I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals Endless Wars you name it he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak & shot!!!
Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership  yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working tax paying citizens!
Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness & ineptitude play politically. The Mayor & Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!
Thank you Philip! 
Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage‘ ‘Emotion‘  via @BreitbartNews Well he got it right in 2016?
A great day at West Point! 
The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long & steep had no handrail and most importantly was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!
And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also but not with me watching! 
I won’t be watching much anymore! 
Tonight at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern). 
On behalf of our entire nation CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
10:00 A.M. 
So true! 
Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB! 
Thank you Frank. Fredo’s ratings are really bad more than 50% down. A loser!!! 
They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!! 
Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well (go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!). 
Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!
Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC & @NBCNews. Drop them and go to a good provider! 
We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track (will be better than ever) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China & E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!! 
Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!! 
Thank you Jack! 
We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa Oklahoma for June 19th – a big deal. Unfortunately however this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out...
...of respect for this Holiday and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday June 20th in order to honor their requests...
...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!
...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge which I have given authorization to proceed!
Just finished dinner in Bedminster New Jersey with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife Tammy. Talked about many things including the opening of the beautiful Garden State getting people back to work and...
Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs Crime Vets Military and the Second Amendment...
...We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NHSEN 
Seattle Mayor says about the anarchists takeover of her city “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities and they think it is just wonderful even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!
Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews Outnumbered Overtime
“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen
A big winner. Congratulations! 
Hello! 
The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform short form if possible.
How do you think China Russia Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!! 
Crazy! 
People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is! 
The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
Great work @RepChipRoy together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed! 
Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75% despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who after his 2017 Congressional failure is now running against a GREAT Senator David @PerdueSenate...
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd a big day for us all! #GA06 
Senator @JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me.” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today! 
...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent Theresa Greenfield and Theresa’s failed record in real estate Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd a big day for us all! #IASEN 
Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime our Military Vets Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times...
...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now! #NH01 
Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military Vets Low Taxes and the...
...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime our Military Vets Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd a big day for us all! #GASEN 
We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp & Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017) supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities wants to raise your taxes & weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet...
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd a big day for us all! #GA06 
Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75% despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who after his 2017 Congressional failure is now running against a GREAT Senator David @PerdueSenate...
Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime Military our Vets Reducing Taxes Regulations and importantly our #2A. Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NY27 
...Strong on Crime our Military Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd a big day for us all! #SC01 
Despite very tough competition @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now...
Seriously failed presidential candidate Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!
Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”.
June 14th just happens to be my birthday thank you! Love our Boaters Love our Country! #MAGA  
The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter a great Fourth Quarter and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine & Therapeutics/Cure. That’s my opinion. WATCH!
THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!
Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW & ORDER!
Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park” one said. The protesters agitators anarchists (ANTIFA) and others were handled VERY easily by the Guard D.C. Police & S.S. GREAT JOB!
Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle run by Radical Left Democrats of course. LAW & ORDER!
“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
LAW & ORDER!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties! 
So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone religious or not reads it! 
Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 
Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 
I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly keeping them SAFE!
...history of Winning Victory and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds and won two World Wars. Therefore my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations...
...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!
It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina Fort Hood in Texas Fort Benning in Georgia etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage and a...
Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!
Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many like Minneapolis want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!
“For the first time in history Police Organizations & National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign & there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that & claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier
New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made way ahead of schedule. USA!
“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” 
Thank you George great honor! 
Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr
Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!
I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens. Thanks @SecretaryCarson!
My decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown who is a Patriot and Great Leader!
“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers & Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy
BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon maybe next week! 
Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One not Day Four! 
Minnesota needs DJT & @LacyJohnsonMN NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard things got better FAST. Enough with Omar you’ll have nothing left! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!
.@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General. He talked a lot but never “brought home the bacon.” He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad! 
Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?
Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!
Vote today for Big Jim a great Governor. Love West Virginia! 
A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
“Democrats & Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriends
...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts we are winning and will close it out on November 3rd! 
I have retained highly respected pollster McLaughlin & Associates to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others) which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...
This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry I want LAW & ORDER!
Big day for Stock Market. Smart money and the World know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers which are indicating GREATNESS and soon!
CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers and worse against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!
LAW & ORDER NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!
Tremendous sincerity what a guy. Hard to believe with this kind of political talent his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah! 
Actually a great book by a great and highly respected historian Doug Wead! 
Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL or not to stand for the National Anthem thereby disrespecting our Country & our Flag?
Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time he was weak & gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked.
If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations Russia Russia Russia and the Impeachment Hoax I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair but it is what it is!!!
.@SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb to be exact a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi! 
I built the greatest economy in the World the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!
Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!
“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists & looters.” Michael Goodwin @nypost
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes the Border and the Second Amendment...
...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA 
Congressman Jeff Van Drew (@VanDrewForNJ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff! 
Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration Taxes Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA
Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NDGOV 
Congresswoman Carol Miller (@CarolMillerWV) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV03 
Congressman Alex Mooney (@MooneyforWV) is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #WV02 
Unlike Senator Manchin Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA
We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military Vets Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06
Congressman Austin Scott (@AustinScott4GA) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers Military Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA08 
Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01
Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army and now he serves our Military & Vets in Congress. Strong on the #2A and Border Security! Joe has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #SC02 
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges rebuild the Military and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
At the request of @SenJohnKennedy & @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana I will be approving & signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!
Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record) Two Great Supreme Court Justices rebuilt our once depleted Military Choice for Vets Biggest Ever Tax & Regulation Cuts Saved Healthcare & 2A & much more!
Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA running for Congress (with my complete & total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!) & a slightly older Republican Superstar @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!
Colin Powell a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars just announced he will be voting for another stiff Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t but off we went to WAR!
Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.
I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington D.C. now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home but can quickly return if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!
Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW & ORDER!
.@CNN & MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!
Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard Secret Service and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!
LAW & ORDER!
Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!
Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA & other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine! 
Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!
“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!
Crazy! 
Biden wants to Defund the Police! 
We will always defend. Great job Jay! 
You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace! 
THANK YOU MAINE! #MAGA 
Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters   They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!
Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint  Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference we already have a GREAT Senator!
What a fantastic group! 
Great! 
.@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!
I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered cherished and flown high...
...We should be standing up straight and tall ideally with a salute or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!
...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!
The incompetent Mayor of Washington D.C. @MayorBowser who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts” is now fighting with the National Guard who saved her from great embarrassment...
I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS! @senatemajldr @marcorubio @SenatorCollins @SteveDaines @SenThomTillis @SenCoryGardner 
Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are #1! 
“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!
It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC
It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBC
Oh no the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!
Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!
I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House.
I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromo
THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromo
Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!
No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. I’ll be there to help Steve win big!!! 
True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Great going Mike! 
Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you! 
Great going Brad! 
We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs! 
USA! 
So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Don’t wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. I’m going to win. You’ll make a better deal now! 
A must watch! 
Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform something Obama & Biden didn’t even try to do - & couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!
Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now but I do in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare Justice Kavanaugh and much else...
...Unrelated I gave Alaska ANWR major highways and more. Get any candidate ready good or bad I don’t care I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse I’m with you!
“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!
Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the @SecretService. What a job they are doing! 
The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation which you do as a courtesy to help them save face is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama who fired him also and was no good for me!
...in my inner-circle was totally exhausted by the job and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!
John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him he was not...
The problem is not the very talented low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city the problem is the arsonists looters criminals and anarchists wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!
...Michael is Tough Smart and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate! @SenateCloakroom
Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews) and everything associated with it...
I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer John Dowd would be of interest to the American People. Read it! 
YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!
...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran it shows a deal is possible!
I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly and is COMING HOME...
The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER
I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran Michael White who has been detained by Iran for 683 days is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon....
....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance.
Disgraceful! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
The Fake Newspaper! 
True! 
Mueller should have never been appointed although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America! 
How are they doing together? 
So many people hurt! 
No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night! 
Interesting! 
Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again! 
Section 230! 
Good work Ted! 
Thank you Matt! 
Unfair! 
This Witch Hunt should never have begun! 
Nasty! 
Caught! 
YES! 
Wow. Very impressive Josh! 
Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!! 
FBI & DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. @FoxNews  “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents.”  @jasoninthehouse  Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!
They spied on the Trump Campaign and got caught!!! 
I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me but I have little doubt. Watch for September October November. Next year will be one of the best ever and look at the Stock Market NOW!
...His primary strength was not military but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life things to do and battles to win but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama & I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation & felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos” which I didn’t like & changed to “Mad Dog”...
....His primary strength was not military but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life things to do and battles to win but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation & felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos” which I didn’t like & changed it to “Mad Dog”...
“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump” 
....the possible exception of another Republican President the late great Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this and so does the Fake News but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above.
In 3 1/2 years I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually he set them back big time with his Crime Bill which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans in fact than any President in U.S. history with...
If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC you would think that the killers terrorists arsonists anarchists thugs hoodlums looters ANTIFA & others would be the nicest kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No they are what they are - very bad for our Country!
Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016 but worse. Sad but we will win big!
LAW & ORDER!
Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!
The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! 
The National Guard is ready! 
Get tough police! 
Undercover Huber is a great spoof funny but at the same time sad because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents & then tap tap tap just drag it along & run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!
Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! 
So true! 
Thank you Ted. They got caught cold but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! 
I agree unlike other states that are poorly run & managed Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall which is going up FAST puts it in even better position! 
So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left looters and thugs ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?
Burgess Owens Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016 but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!
New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor & @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!
“Chaos lawlessness and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?
Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters  Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!
You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins Sen. James Lankford Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. 
Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn a Great Police Captain from St. Louis who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! 
...millions of dollars and jobs for the State. Because of @NC_Governor we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte North Carolina a place I love. Now @NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars have everybody arrive and...
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World and brought in hundreds of...
“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” 
Washington D.C. was the safest place on earth last night!
Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists looters or thugs and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW & ORDER!
Macy’s at 34th. Street long the largest single department store anywhere in the world & a point of pride in NYC was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!
...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with @SenatorTimScott guaranteed funding for HBCU’s School Choice passed Criminal Justice Reform lowest Black unemployment poverty and crime rates in history…
Decorated combat Vet @MarthaMcSally has a great new book Dare to Fly which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. She’s tough tested and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at !
Great new book out today by @DineshDSouza — get your copy today! 
New York City put on an 11:00 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 7:00 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. #SAVENYC
SILENT MAJORITY!
NYC CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!
Republicans get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!
Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters thugs Radical Left and all others forms of Lowlife & Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!
Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border our Military and Vets and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 
Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL
Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade Military our Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen
Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he strongly supports our Military Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02 
Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall Life our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01
Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother our great Vice President Mike Pence and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #IN06 
Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 
Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses the Economy and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02
Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician Andy fights for the Second Amendment Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01
D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!).
Thank you Mark! 
Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! 
Can’t let this happen! 
Great! 
YES! 
My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… 
I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response.
100% Correct. Thank you Tom! 
Anarchists we see you! 
“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! 
Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it he is clueless but they will be the real power not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all Plus!
NOVEMBER 3RD.
Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it he is clueless but they will be the real power not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all Plus!
“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends
“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!
FAKE NEWS!
LAW & ORDER!
Our National Guard stopped them cold last night. Should have been called up sooner! 
SO TERRIBLE! Where are the arrests and LONG TERM jail sentences? 
STRENGTH! 
Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors. These people are ANARCHISTS. Call in our National Guard NOW. The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe. Is this what America wants? NO!!!
Law & Order in Philadelphia NOW! They are looting stores. Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did (thank you President Trump) last night in Minneapolis. Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe? All Dems!
The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody understands what they are doing that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda we can easily work through them to GREATNESS!
The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night. The National Guard did a great job and should be used in other States before it is too late!
Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis Minnesota last night. The ANTIFA led anarchists among others were shut down quickly. Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!
Let New York’s Finest be New York’s Finest. There is nobody better but they must be allowed to do their job!
The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do. Should have been used 2 days ago & there would not have been damage & Police Headquarters would not have been taken over & ruined. Great job by the National Guard. No games!
MN Gov. Walz: We Estimate 80% of the Rioters Are from out of State  via @BreitbartNews
Hopefully a great successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!?  @FoxNews  @OANN
80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses (especially African American small businesses) homes and the community of good hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace equality and to provide for their families.
Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN MSDNC @nytimes and @washingtonpost by far than coming out of any foreign country even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!
Here we go again. Fake News @CNN is blaming RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Can’t blame China because they need the cash?
It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Don’t lay the blame on others!
Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton. How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats? Get tough and fight (and arrest the bad ones). STRENGTH!
These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!
The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight I understand is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight I understand is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just their to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight I understand is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
Great job last night at the White House by the U.S. @SecretService. They were not only totally professional but very cool. I was inside watched every move and couldn’t have felt more safe. They let the “protesters” scream & rant as much as they wanted but whenever someone....
....got too frisky or out of line they would quickly come down on them hard - didn’t know what hit them. The front line was replaced with fresh agents like magic. Big crowd professionally organized but nobody came close to breaching the fence. If they had they would....
....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs and most ominous weapons I have ever seen. That’s when people would have been really badly hurt at least. Many Secret Service agents just waiting for action. “We put the young ones on the front line sir they love it and....
....good practice.” As you saw last night they were very cool & very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side the D.C. Mayor @MurielBowser who is always looking for money & help wouldn’t let the D.C. Police get involved. “Not their job.” Nice!
Time for a change! #2020 
Looting leads to shooting and that’s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. I don’t want this to happen and that’s what the expression put out last night means....
....It was spoken as a fact not as a statement. It’s very simple nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters and those looking to cause trouble on social media. Honor the memory of George Floyd!
REVOKE 230!
The National Guard has arrived on the scene. They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis. They have arrived on the seen. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
CHINA!
“Regulate Twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech.” @JudgeJeanine @foxandfriends  Well as they have just proven conclusively that’s what they are doing. Repeal Section 230!!!
“The President has been targeted by Twitter.” @MariaBartiromo  What about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by Adam Schiff and so many others on the Russian Witch Hunt Plus Plus Plus? What about China’s propaganda? WHO’s mistakes? No flags?  @foxandfriends
Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies & propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat Party. They have targeted Republicans Conservatives & the President of the United States. Section 230 should be revoked by Congress. Until then it will be regulated!
....These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd and I won’t let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. Any difficulty and we will assume control but when the looting starts the shooting starts. Thank you!
I can’t stand back & watch this happen to a great American City Minneapolis. A total lack of leadership. Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor Jacob Frey get his act together and bring the City under control or I will send in the National Guard & get the job done right.....
.@Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter. “We have a different policy than Twitter on this. I believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.” Did Twitter criticize Obama for his “you can keep your Dr.”?
I’m proud to commit $40.9M in @USDOT funding to Milwaukee’s East-West Bus Rapid Transit project. Bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. Love Wisconsin! @RideMCTS
Ogden Utah I am committing $64.5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospital—very important services for Utahans! @RideUTA
.@USDOT is committing $99.95M to @PGHtransit in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe quick transit service. Great things coming to a great State!
MAX Red line in Oregon is set to receive $99.99M in @USDOT funds to reduce delays in the Portland area connect citizens to very important locations and make transit GREAT! @trimet
I am proud to commit $60.9M in @USDOT funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany NY area—more help coming to the people of New York! @CDTA
Indiana is set to receive $100M in @USDOT transit funds for the @southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. @GovHolcomb has worked very hard on this project!
Big announcement for the State of Indiana! $77.5M committed in @USDOT funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence.
I’m excited to commit $100M to @MiamiDadeCounty FL in @USDOT funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service! Fast safe and beautiful infrastructure!
.@USDOT is committing $21.8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region. It will connect St. Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with FREE WiFi. Will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the Great State of Florida!
Very exciting news for the Phoenix area—@USDOT is committing $100M to @valleymetro for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches emergency services and more!
So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD. How stupid there are examples & cases all over the place. Our election process will become badly tainted & a laughingstock all over the World. Tell that to your hater @yoyoel
The men and women of the National Guard have been doing a great job fighting the CoronaVirus. This week I will extend their Title 32 orders through mid-August so they can continue to help States succeed in their response and recovery efforts.
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen & Congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a FISA Bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the Greatest Political Crime In the History of the U.S. the Russian Witch-Hunt. Fantastic Job!
All over the World the CoronaVirus a very bad “gift” from China marches on. Not good!
We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100000. To all of the families & friends of those who have passed I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy & love for everything that these great people stood for & represent. God be with you!
This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!
So many different viewpoints! 
@USAttyHuber Whatever happen to John Huber?
The greatest political crime in USA History! 
Yet she doesn’t let people even breath in Michigan. A very bad double standard! 
Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ 
Thank you Cowboys. See you in New Mexico! 
He looks better! 
Thank you Lou! 
Who else gave the less than elite (We are the elite. We know how to WIN!) 260 great new Federal Judges 2 SCJ’s Low Taxes biggest ever REG. CUTS Rebuilt Military Choice saved 2A & MUCH more? Not Sleepy Joe! Thank you Erick. 
Texas Supreme Court: Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail   Big win in Texas on the dangerous Mail In Voting Scam!
Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016 and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!
"He is arguably the greatest president in our history.” Thank you @LouDobbs! 
At my request the FBI and the Department of Justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in Minnesota of George Floyd....
....I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. My heart goes out to George’s family and friends. Justice will be served!
If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor I will quickly VETO it. Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it!
Thank you to @NASA and @SpaceX for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!
WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!
Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. Big action to follow!
The Radical Left Lamestream Media together with their partner the Do Nothing Democrats are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19. Wrong I was very fast even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary!
Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!
We pass 15000000 Tests Today by far the most in the World. Open Safely!
We are acting as a police force not the fighting force that we are in Afghanistan. After 19 years it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before if necessary!
OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED in an unprecedented manner on the Trump Campaign and beyond and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!
We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!
....happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise Social Media. Clean up your act NOW!!!!
Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate or close them down before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do and failed in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that....
Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ 
Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the @simonschuster publication of your new book “Trump and Churchill Defenders of Western Civilization”. Certainly a great honor to be compared in any way to Winston Churchill.  @NickAdamsinUSA
The Failing @nytimes winner of @PulitzerPrizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump pretend there are sources and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!
Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine The Atlantic is rapidly failing going down the tubes and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!
.@Twitter is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election. They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots which will lead to massive corruption and fraud is incorrect based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post....
....Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH and I as President will not allow it to happen!
I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political criminal and subversive scandal in USA history took place!
Didn’t Obama whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home before and after his round in a major public service message?
....A total double standard. The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media!
How brilliant are our FARMERS? Thank you @lgutwein99_31 real talent! #MAGA 
....One person lost to this invisible virus is too much it should have been stopped at its source China but I acted very quickly and made the right decisions. Many of the current political complainers thought at the time that I was moving far to fast like Crazy Nancy!
For all of the political hacks out there if I hadn’t done my job well & early we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People as opposed to the 100000 plus that looks like will be the number. That’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. I shut down entry from China very early!
We made most Governors look very good even great by getting them the Ventilators unlimited Testing and supplies all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. So they look great and I just keep rolling along doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News!
Stock Market up BIG DOW crosses 25000. S&P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness has started ahead of schedule. There will be ups and downs but next year will be one of the best ever!
....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job and I knew him well far better than most. So many unanswered & obvious questions but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought this has been going on for years long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe & his wacky future ex-wife Mika would endlessly interview me I would always be thinking....
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing). A TOTAL & COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
....living in the state no matter who they are or how they got there will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people many of whom have never even thought of voting before how and for whom to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed ballots will be forged & even illegally printed out & fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people anyone.....
Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19 sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators Testing Medical Supply Distribution we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most importantly we helped a lot of great people!
Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!
Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when I banned in late January people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” & then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Connor Lamm has proven to be an American fraud and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing).  A TOTAL & COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! 
I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami as falsely reported by the Fake News @nytimes in order to stir up trouble. Ballroom is not nearly big enough & would like to stay in N.C. whose gov. doesn’t even know if he can let people in? 
....3 months and if I waited 3 years they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway. They are sick with hatred and dishonesty. They are truly deranged! They don’t mention Sleepy Joe’s poor work ethic  or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course often flying to....
....Hawaii in a big fully loaded 747 to play. What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man. Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. I was left a MESS!
Some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps even a little exercise I played golf over the weekend. The Fake & Totally Corrupt News makes it sound like a mortal sin - I knew this would happen! What they don’t say is that it was my first golf in almost...
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS! Get ready it is already happening again!
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!
...to find with all of the jobs and economic development it brings another Republican National Convention site. This is not something I want to do. Thank you and I LOVE the people of North Carolina!
...made by many thousands of enthusiastic Republicans and others to head to beautiful North Carolina in August. They must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. If not we will be reluctantly forced...
...full attendance in the Arena. In other words we would be spending  millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican Party to fully occupy the space. Plans are being....
I love the Great State of North Carolina so much so that I insisted on having the Republican National Convention in Charlotte at the end of August. Unfortunately Democrat Governor @RoyCooperNC is still in Shutdown mood & unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
OBAMAGATE!
Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
Having the G7 meeting in Washington is very important for those countries and the World! 
Among many other very important events meetings and calls! 
I give and have given from the beginning my entire yearly salary $400000 to $450000 back to our government. Last check to HHS Covid relief. My great honor! 
Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf (exercise) today. They think I should stay in the White House at all times. What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months that Biden was constantly.....
...vacationing relaxing & making shady deals with other countries & that Barack was always playing golf doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS!
The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election plain and simple! 
A disgrace. Total corruption! 
Thank you. We love our boaters! 
Be sure to watch “Witch Hunt the Flynn Vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable @GreggJarrett on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. This is yet another part of the greatest Criminal Hoax in American History!
You are right! 
I always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me. That’s why I am supporting a true conservative @DanJohnstonND for State Treasurer of North Dakota! 
Cases numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country!
A lot of interest in this story about Psycho Joe Scarborough. So a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office hit her head on his desk & die? I would think there is a lot more to this story than that? An affair? What about the so-called investigator? Read story! 
Allen get well soon! 
The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also forge names. Some absentee OK when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!
“Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson” interview on @ABC at 10:00 A.M. Sunday. Enjoy!
Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks ‘Necessary Enthusiasm‘ to Beat Trump  via @BreitbartNews.  Well he was right in 2016 and we do have great enthusiasm. Many say done a fantastic job! DJT
Thank you Herschel! 
I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100% CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST. I WILL & HAVE!!! 
Many physicians agree with you. Also some very good studies! @SteveFDA @US_FDA 
True! 
A blow to her head? Body found under his desk? Left Congress suddenly? Big topic of discussion in Florida...and he’s a Nut Job (with bad ratings). Keep digging use forensic geniuses! 
Thank you! 
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....price. You should drop out of the race & pray that super liberal @DougJones a weak & pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi & Cryin’ Chuck Schumer gets beaten badly. He voted for impeachment based on “ZERO”. Disgraced Alabama. Coach @TTuberville will be a GREAT Senator!
Jeff you had your chance & you blew it. Recused yourself ON DAY ONE (you never told me of a problem) and ran for the hills. You had no courage & ruined many lives. The dirty cops & others got caught by better & stronger people than you. Hopefully this slime will pay a big... 
Who are the 4%? A RINO or two! 
Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason I’m here! 
...And Sleepy Joe! 
All things that I have GOTTEN DONE including Criminal Justice Reform! 
Sean Parnell is a Star. We need him in Washington to Drain the Swamp! 
Patriots! 
So bad! 
Caught in the act! 
Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. Strong on Crime the Border and Agriculture — and he loves our Vets! Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Ronny! 
We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military Vets Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06 
Congressman Guy Reschenthaler (@reschenthaler) is doing tremendous work for the people of Pennsylvania! A Navy veteran Guy strongly supports our Vets Borders and always votes to uphold the Rule of Law. Guy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA14 
Congressman John Joyce (@JohnJoyceForPA) is a fighter for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania! John loves our Vets Military and Small Businesses and always defends Life and the Second Amendment. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA13
Sean (@SeanParnellUSA) has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA17 
Congressman Mike Kelly (@MikeKellyforPA) is an incredible advocate for Pennsylvania! He fights to Lower your Taxes Create Jobs Protect our Borders and Defend the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA16 
Congressman Fred Keller (@VoteFredKeller) has been doing a phenomenal job in Congress since his special election! He strongly supports our Vets Small Businesses Workers and the Second Amendment. Fred has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA12 
Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson (@GT_TeamGT) is a hard worker for Pennsylvania! The "Dean of the Delegation" he strongly supports our incredible Farmers Vets and the Second Amendment. “GT” has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA15 
Congressman Scott Perry (@PatriotsPerry) is an incredible fighter for Pennsylvania! He served our country as an Army General and now he fights for our Seniors Vets Military and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA10 
Congressman Lloyd Smucker (@LloydSmuckerPA) is working hard for the people of Pennsylvania! Lloyd strongly supports the Second Amendment and he’s fighting for our incredible Workers Military and Vets. Lloyd has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA11 
Congressman Dan Meuser (@Meuser4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania! Dan loves our Military Vets and the Second Amendment – a real supporter of our #MAGA agenda. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA09
Lisa Scheller (@SchellerforPA) will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress! She strongly supports our Military Vets Small Businesses and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #PA07
David Young (@YoungForIowa) is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses Military the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers! David has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #IA03 
Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military Vets Small Businesses & our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA01 
3 years ago after Jeff Sessions recused himself the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama do not trust Jeff Sessions. He let our Country down. That’s why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville) the true supporter of our #MAGA agenda!  
....beginning was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election and is now willing to write anything even if not truthful. He laughs at his boss Publisher A.G. Sulzberger and I laugh at them all. The @nytimes is a total mess!
.@deanbaquet is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times. Not easy to do. He has given up on “figuring Trump out”. Called it all wrong from the....
$49.8M is on its way to @DallasLoveField Airport to aid in economic recovery. This Federal funding will support aviation in the Dallas area & keep aviation workers on the job & commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports. Proud to support our friends in Dallas!
I am proud to announce that the Maryland Aviation Administration (@MdAviation) will receive $87.8M in CARES Act Airport Grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the U.S. Capital Region. Very important for economic recovery!
HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN! 
THANK YOU! #RollingToRemember  
Why doesn’t @FoxNews put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) @CNN Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!
.@FoxNews should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll! 
Thank you! 
 
Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan Dana Nessel should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!
The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan Dana Nessel is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask. Not their fault & I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan until I came along!
No Voter Fraud! 
USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before! 
Is this even possible to believe? Can this be for real? Where is this nursing home how is the victim doing?
“President Trump is leading Joe Biden (D) in the battleground state of Pennsylvania 50.2 percent to 45.5 percent...This is significant as it reflects a 4.7 percent jump from the previous survey.” 
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Big day for JUSTICE. Congratulations John! 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
....On Monday the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation.
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
Another $298M heading to @MTA adding up to over $2B in federal funding from @USDOT so far part of the $3.9B total from the CARES Act. This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery. We are here for the people of New York!
DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box  via @BreitbartNews
....Hahn Richard Goodstein Donna Brazile Niel Cavuto and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points and lies. All of the good is totally nullified and more. Net Result = BAD! CNN & MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!
Many will disagree but @FoxNews is doing nothing to help Republicans and me get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure there are some truly GREAT people on Fox but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network people like Dummy Juan Williams Schumerite Chris...
Just departed the @WhiteHouse for the Great State of Michigan! 
Wow! 
China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States as they have done for decades until I came along!
....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague but they didn’t!
Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace....
....Together we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again – better than ever before!
Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community business and faith leaders today. During this national trial we have been uplifted by the grit determination prayers and patriotism of Hispanic Americans....
Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!
....beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE every State if these events didn’t happen. Even if Warren just dropped out he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now even more so...and Bernie doesn’t even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE better than BS!
Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman (Mayor Pete) & @amyklobuchar to quit & endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday & gets Pocahontas to stay in the race taking thousands of votes from Bernie. He would have....
Congratulations to my daughter Tiffany on graduating from Georgetown Law. Great student great school. Just what I need is a lawyer in the family. Proud of you Tiff!
The Tulsa Oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the @USDOT of up to $120M to help expand highway on the Gilcrease Expressway West Project. This will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots! @GovStitt
We have sent our best Military & @FEMA Teams already there. Governor must now “set you free” to help. Will be with you soon! 
My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan – Stay SAFE and listen to local officials. Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens THANK YOU!
Now that our Country is “Transitioning back to Greatness” I am considering rescheduling the G-7 on the same or similar date in Washington D.C. at the legendary Camp David. The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!
State of Nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S. They can’t! If they do “I think” I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry but you must not cheat in elections. @RussVought45 @USTreasury
Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. Please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of China” and nothing else that did this mass Worldwide killing!
“I said NO to a deal Lou. If I would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time & I said NO. This President needs to be re-elected Lou. One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime. I would never give false testimony against him.” Roger Stone @LouDobbs..
....Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly. How about that jury Forewoman does anybody think that was fair. DISGRACEFUL! Stay tuned.  @FoxNews And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? Open Cold Case!
Consistently great reporting by Elizabeth MacDonald of @FoxBusiness. She really understands OBAMAGATE!
YES! 
A really great woman and what a job she is doing! 
The Fake News knows this. Thanks Katie! 
They got caught. Some very nervous criminals out there. Thank you Ted! 
Thank you! 
Thanks. Sleepy Joe has given you nothing and never will! 
Thank you Emily! 
So true. OBAMAGATE! 
THANK YOU @SenateGOP! 
“The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate” @RichLowry 
I am pleased to announce that the Seattle area’s @SoundTransit will receive over $166M in federal funds from @USDOT to help keep the transit system open & operational helping get people to work or make necessary trips. These funds help replace lost fare revenue very important!
I am proud to announce the Portland Area’s @trimet will receive over $184M in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system. This will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation!
I am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at @flySFO Intl Airport and for transit on @sfmta_muni & @SFBart. This money will aid in economic recovery!
DC’s @WMATA system is getting over $876M a big boost to stay open & operating! The federal funds will keep workers paid & buses & trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. Good news for those who rely on transit! Congrats to @MayorBowser & all!
.@foxandfriends trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!
This is the letter sent to Dr. Tedros of the World Health Organization. It is self-explanatory! 
.@FoxNews is no longer the same. We miss the great Roger Ailes. You have more anti-Trump people by far than ever before. Looking for a new outlet! 
A fantastic new book “American Crusade” written by a Great American Patriot @PeteHegseth — is available tomorrow! Hear more about it as he joins @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00pmE and @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 8:30amE. Get your copy today! 
OIL (ENERGY) IS BACK!!!!
LOSER! 
Sleepy Joe  is wrong again! 
So the so-called HHS Whistleblower was against HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE. Then why did he make and sign an emergency use authorization? @NorahODonnell said “He shared his concerns with a reporter.” In other words he LEAKED. A dumb @60Minutes hit job on a grandstanding Never Trumper!
We are with them! 
The Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in Afghanistan. Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years and while soldier counts are way down now hardly impulsive. Besides the Taliban is.....
.....mixed about even wanting us to get out. They make a fortune $$$ by having us stay and except at the beginning we never really fought to win. We are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are especially now as rebuilt. No I am not acting impulsively!
Wow! The Front Page @washingtonpost Headline reads “A BOOST IN TESTS BUT LACK OF TAKERS.” We have done a great job on Ventilators Testing and everything else. Were left little by Obama. Over 11 million tests and going up fast. More than all countries in the world combined.
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
REOPEN OUR COUNTRY!
Yes! 
True except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didn’t have a clue! 
This is unbelievable! 
MAGA crowds are bigger than ever! 
This love of Country went all over. They hate Fake News and so do I! 
This picture seems like just yesterday when Ronald recieved the Congressional Medal of Honor. What a man! 
....spews lies. @60Minutes report was incorrect which they couldn’t care less about. Fake News! I don’t know this guy never met him but don’t like what I see. How can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow & report to @SecAzar his boss after trashing him on T.V.?....
....This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely it is causing great injustice & harm. I hope you are listening @SenSusanCollins  I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. She knows how to make things right!
.@60Minutes & third place anchor @NorahODonnell are doing everything in their power to demean our Country much to the benefit of the Radical Left Democrats. Tonight they put on yet another Fake “Whistleblower” a disgruntled employee who supports Dems fabricates stories &...
Enjoy the campaign Joe! 
Great job Peter! 
100% correct! 
Watch @marklevinshow tonight on @FoxNews. He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught! A repeat later in evening. Really something.
I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James! 
They and the Lamestream Media (including Jake) have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me. They got caught! 
The most incompetent and corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
A CNN Faker! 
The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States with few exceptions. Very good news indeed!
Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today! 
Hard to believe considering the Lamestream Media is totally corrupt. The people understand! 
A great guy a great book! 
Fake Journalism. So bad for our Country! 
The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House!!!
Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster! 
Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! #MAGA 
Doing REALLY well medically on solving the CoronaVirus situation (Plague!). It will happen!
Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. The NFL could not have made a better “pick” when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. Also a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov. John Y. Brown....
....May Phyllis Rest In Peace. Warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!
Great Rally and fantastic job on @ffweekend this morning. It is all happening! #MAGA 
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews. Thank you!
.....are therefore given massive advantages over The United States and everyone else? Prior to the Plague floating in from China our Economy was blowing everybody away the best of any country EVER. We will be there again and soon!
Why is it that China for decades and with a population much bigger than ours is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to The World Health Organization The United Nations and worst of all The World Trade Organization where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and...
Doing a GREAT job! 
Thank you! 
OBAMAGATE!
Mitch I love you but this is 100% true. Time is running out. Get tough and move quickly or it will be too late. The Dems are vicious but got caught. They MUST pay a big price for what they have done to our Country. Don’t let them get away with this! @LindseyGrahamSC 
This is true. I say it all the time. The Republicans must play by the same rules or die! Wow Mollie you are good. 
Really sad but even “sadder” watch flunky @Lawrence CRY when I whipped his mind & he was FORCED to apologize to me over Apprentice fees. Even Psycho Cold Case Joe Scarborough (bad ratings) beat him up on air unmercifully. Find tapes & play (5 years back?). 
Amazing! 
One of a kind! 
I’m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was remember 1% Joe? I’m running against the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats & their partner the real opposition party the Lamestream Fake News Media! They are vicious & crazy but we will WIN! 
America is proud of Ron Johnson. He never gives up! 
Is the NFL watching? 
People can’t get enough of this. Great people! 
We’ve done a GREAT job on Covid response making all Governors look good some fantastic (and that’s OK) but the Lamestream Media doesn’t want to go with that narrative and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about “Trump”. I made everybody look good but me!
95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. 51% Plus overall. But you NEVER read or see this in the Fake News Media. Always hearing bad made up numbers on how badly I’m doing. Lamestream Media is unhinged and CORRUPT! 
Mexico must take control of this very big problem! 
Lou this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10% of what we have been paying over many years matching much lower China payments. Have not made final decision. All funds are frozen. Thanks! 
“Scandal has defined the Obama Administration.” @LisaMarieBoothe @ffweekend
The Radical Left is in total command & control of Facebook Instagram Twitter and Google. The Administration is working to remedy this illegal situation. Stay tuned and send names & events. Thank you Michelle! 
So true! 
Happy Birthday Tom! 
Hello to India! 
I’ll do it again! 
My Hero. New York’s Finest! 
Another Fake Whistleblower. Republicans must do something about these terrible people and now! 
“FAKE NEWS IS NOT ESSENTIAL!”
Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you! #MAGA 
I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and @narendramodi during this pandemic. We’re also cooperating on vaccine development. Together we will beat the invisible enemy!
Today I was presented with the brand new @SpaceForceDoD flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying it at the @WhiteHouse! 
Chicago’s @CTA has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817M will aid in the economic recovery — buy Made in the USA!
I am proud to announce that @NJTransit will receive $1.4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NY/NJ area! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever. Together we will prevail!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for covering supremely the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States OBAMAGATE. Fake News @CNN and Concast’s own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away. They are embarrassed and don’t know what to do....
....Likewise the @nytimes and @washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism. They are all Fake News and they know it better than anyone else. History is unfolding and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism”.
It’s about time! 
GREAT! 
Where is the 302? It is missing. Was it stolen or destroyed? General Flynn is being persecuted! #OBAMAGATE
Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors. You are better and far more brilliant than anyone on Madison Avenue (Ad Agencies). There is nobody like you!
Thank you. My great honor! 
Thanks. You are very cool! 
Great work @Owens_Minor! On behalf of the American People THANK YOU!  
Just landed in Pennsylvania see everyone soon! 
On my way see you soon! 
On my way to PENNSYLVANIA! 
I am proud to announce the first $500M of $3.9B in CARES Act transit funding headed to the NY Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work! Spend it wisely! @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
If I were a Senator or Congressman the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA by FAR is former President Obama. He knew EVERYTHING. Do it @LindseyGrahamSC just do it. No more Mr. Nice Guy. No more talk!
Good numbers coming out of States that are opening. America is getting its life back! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising before end of year. Likewise other solutions!
22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season. California & Wisconsin won big on Tuesday. Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters. You will not be disappointed!
I don’t know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright never met him or even heard of him but to me he is a disgruntled employee not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who with his attitude should no longer be working for our government!
The Great State of Wisconsin home to Tom Tiffany’s big Congressional Victory on Tuesday was just given another win. Its Democrat Governor was forced by the courts to let the State Open. The people want to get on with their lives. The place is bustling!
OBAMAGATE!
Proud of Mike! 
First time in 22 years. Mike will be a GREAT CONGRESSMAN! 
Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill  via @politico
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! #MAGA 
As I have said for a long time dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do. We just made a great Trade Deal the ink was barely dry and the World was hit by the Plague from China. 100 Trade Deals wouldn’t make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost!
When the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market you must always remember that some are betting big against it and make a lot of money if it goes down. Then they go positive get big publicity and make it going up. They get you both ways. Barely legal?
Obama was always wrong! 
Does anybody believe this man? Caught! 
“Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion.” Wall Street Journal
Big Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia taking back a seat from the Democrats. This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican. Also Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin. Two great Congressional WINS!
Women for Trump co-chair: Biden might not be 'ultimate nominee' and Dems engaging in 'elder abuse' 
Fake @PulitzerPrizes must be taken back. These “journalists” got everything wrong. Give them to the real journalists who got it right! 
Shifty Schiff exposed! 
Big News: Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany. He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin and the United States. Congratulations!
As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates the USA should also accept the “GIFT”. Big numbers!
California should let Tesla & @elonmusk open the plant NOW. It can be done Fast & Safely!
Crude Oil prices going up as Saudi Arabia cuts production levels. Our great Energy Companies with millions of JOBS are starting to look very good again. At the same time gasoline prices at record lows (like a big Tax Cut). The BEST of all Worlds. “Transition To Greatness”
Wisconsin please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
Looking forward to being in Allentown Pennsylvania on Thursday. I love the State and for very good reason!
Remember this every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus and I am happy for them all could in no way have gotten those numbers or had that success without me and the Federal Governments help. From Ventilators to Testing we made it happen!
So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly pundits & consultants that never had a chance telling me how to run for office. Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges rebuilt Military 2A great V.A. Low Taxes etc. Just don’t like that I beat them!
Our Testing is the BEST in the World by FAR! Numbers are coming down in most parts of our Country which wants to open and get going again. It is happening safely!
The American People are WARRIORS!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I don’t blame them!
More than all other countries together! 
Remember get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida. Did he get away with murder? Some people think so. Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly? Isn’t it obvious? What’s happening now? A total nut job!
Ratings way down show sucks! 
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time! 
Sleepy Eyes fails again! 
Big news! 
Fake Journalists! 
A great time to have strong Borders and we now have the strongest Borders in our history. 182 miles of Border Wall already built! Dems want Open Borders let EVERYONE IN. No thanks! 
Then we must be very careful. Crazy Nancy would be a total disaster and the USA will never be a Communist Country! 
ColdCaseJoe! 
The Lamestream Media is truly out of control. Look how they work (conspire!) together. They are the Enemy of the People but don’t worry we will WIN in November! 
Interestingly! 
OBAMAGATE! 
Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business supports our Incredible Farmers Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime the Border and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin is a big Tax Cutter and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
Congressman Adrian Smith is a strong fighter for Nebraska. He fights for your Second Amendment defends our Borders strengthens our Military and loves our Vets! Adrian has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NE03 
Congressman Jeff Fortenberry (@SupportFortNE) is a great advocate for Nebraska. He fights for Farmers Small Businesses and our incredible Vets and Military. Jeff has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NE01 
Congressman @DonJBacon is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska! He served our Country as an Air Force General and now he serves our Vets Farmers and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment. Don has my Complete & Total Endorsement! #NE02 
THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. Sadly our Lamestream Media is TOTALLY CORRUPT! 
Because it was OBAMAGATE and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge. The most corrupt administration in U.S. history! 
He should be FIRED by Concast. If done by a Republican would be “prosecuted”. @AjitPaiFCC 
.@WashTimes  “FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump”
The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now and they are fully aware of what that entails. The Democrats are moving slowly all over the USA for political purposes. They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them. Don’t play politics. Be safe move quickly!
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!
Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better going down almost everywhere. Big progress being made!
Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California. Republicans get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate ASAP!
Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America!
@FCC  THIS IS A DISGRACE EVEN WORSE THAN @NBC USUALLY IS WHICH IS REALLY BAD. SLEEPY EYES MUST BE FIRED! 
This is why it’s not really the Lamestream Media it’s the Rigged Media....and it is what I’m up against. It was corrupt in 2016. Now it is much more corrupt and what you are seeing is the least of it....but WE WILL WIN AGAIN! 
OBAMAGATE! 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” (NBC) for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Airwaves = Fake News! @AjitPaiFCC  @FCC 
He got caught OBAMAGATE! 
Thank you! 
.@CBS and their show @60Minutes are doing everything within their power which is far less today than it was in the past to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World. I guess they want to do business in China!
This book is a MUST BUY! 
OBAMAGATE!
.@brianstelter is just a poor man’s lapdog for AT&T! 
Wow this is BIG! 
Thank you! 
More Fake News this time from Jimmy Kimmel’s last place show! 
Thank you to Eli Lake! 
The biggest political crime in American history by far! 
HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY!
Congratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union. He always “Gets the Job Done”. #MAGA @foxandfriends
True! 
Thank you Mike! 
We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic especially the very early BAN of people from China the infectious source entering the USA. Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks bad polls - didn’t have a clue!
When are the Fake Journalists who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia Russia Russia and the Impeachment Scam going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. I’ll give you the names there are plenty of them!
A great man for Washington! Will Drain the Swamp! 
So great to see our Country starting to open up again! 
...And we caught them and their illegal activities! 
Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants beaches and stores open but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate @MikeGarcia2020 is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!
Starting early next week at my order the USA will be purchasing from our Farmers Ranchers & Specialty Crop Growers 3 Billion Dollars worth of Dairy Meat & Produce for Food Lines & Kitchens. “FARMERS TO FAMILY FOOD BOX”  Great news for all!  @SecretarySonny @ZippyDuvall
Why is it that all of the political pundits & consultants that I beat so easily & badly people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth have become so totally “unhinged” when it come to your favorite President me. These people are stone cold crazy!
...And many more! 
Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants beaches and stores open but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate @MikeGarcia2020 is winning by a lot. CA25  Rigged Election!
CA25 is a Rigged Election. Trying to steal it from @MikeGarcia2020.  @GavinNewsom must act now!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Mike has my complete & total endorsement. We need him badly in Washington. A great fighter pilot & hero & a brilliant Annapolis grad Mike will never let you down. Mail in ballots & check that they are counted! 
So in California the Democrats who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots and succeeded have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. It’s all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!
Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business supports our Incredible Farmers Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime the Border and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin is a big Tax Cutter and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!
....must read for anybody looking for U.S. Security and Protection. Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller — he deserves it!
Retired Ice Director Tom Homan knows more about the Border and Border Security than anyone. He’s a tough guy but a good guy - and as smart as they come. His new book “Defend The Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis” is a....
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA. Congratulations to General Flynn and many others. I do believe there is MUCH more to come! Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians do not go well together!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
 
Today @FLOTUS celebrates the two year anniversary of #BeBest her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children. Congratulations and thank you!  
Congratulations to former Governor of New Jersey Chris Christie and all others involved on a complete and total exoneration (with a 9-0 vote by the U.S. Supreme Court) on the Obama DOJ Scam referred to as “Bridgegate.” The Democrats....
....are getting caught doing very evil things and Republicans should take note. This was grave misconduct by the Obama Justice Department! @GovChristie
As you know I designated this day to be a National Day of Prayer. As our Nation heals our Spirit has never been Stronger! 
The Fake News has reached an all time high!
....to it as appropriate. The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines & Therapeutics. Thank you!
....gloves gowns etc. are now plentiful. The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. Because of this success the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY & OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN. We may add or subtract people ....
....produced in the thousands and we have many to spare. We are helping other countries which are desperate for them. Likewise after having been left little we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined and with superior tests. Face masks & shields....
The White House CoronaVirus Task Force headed by Vice President Mike Pence has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. Ventilators which were few & in bad shape are now being....
Thank you @Honeywell! 
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible patriotic and hardworking men and women of @Honeywell! 
Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with @DavidMuir on @ABCWorldNews Tonight.
On #NationalTeacherDay we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character integrity and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nation’s students thank you! 
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!
Wow! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home. His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert nice guy Jimmy Fallon and wacko “last placer” Jimmy Kimmel. Greg built his show from scratch and did a great job in doing so. @FoxNews
Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities Payroll Taxes and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification & business deductions for restaurants & ent.
Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project” goes into their own pockets. With what I’ve done on Judges Taxes Regulations Healthcare the Military Vets (Choice!) & protecting our great 2A they should love Trump. Problem is I BEAT THEM ALL!
Remember this? Happy #CincoDeMayo! 
The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader the Fake News Lamestream Media are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say no matter how big a win they report that it was a loss or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!
For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle" compared to other countries. Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA instead of always ripping us down! 
Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts which will be soon. Some Governors never stopped which proved to be very smart. They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. Also saved big dollars!
Heading to Arizona!
Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!
Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again! 
....because they don’t know how to win and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe. I don’t know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband Moonface but it must have been really bad. John Weaver lost big for Kasich (to me). Crazed Rick Wilson....
....lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin (to me). Steve Schmidt & Reed Galvin lost for John McCain Romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “O” & Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party. They’re all LOSERS but Abe Lincoln Republican is all smiles!
....get even for all of their many failures. You see these loser types don’t care about 252 new Federal Judges 2 great Supreme Court Justices a rebuilt military a protected 2nd Amendment biggest EVER Tax & Regulation cuts and much more. I didn’t use any of them....
A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago then again 8 years ago and then got BADLY beaten by me a political first timer 4 years ago have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan “Morning in America” doing everything possible to....
THANK YOU #USNSComfort! 
MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
A great new book “Fortitude: American Resilience in the Era of Outrage” by former Navy Seal and current Texas Congressman @DanCrenshawTX is now available. A fantastic guy — get your copy today! 
Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus they are saying that they are not “essential”.  In any event we have great testing capacity and have performed 6.5 million tests which is more than every country in the world combined!
Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems and now California get this doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!
Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts Rebuilt Military Choice for Vets saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done but what they love beyond all else is 252 (so far!) Federal Judges not including two great Supreme Court Justices. A Big Record!
And I’m Endorsing you also Lacy you truly deserve it. You are doing a great job and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes hates our Military & our Vets demands Open Borders and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment. Good luck Lacy! 
Getting great reviews finally for how well we are handling the pandemic especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators the building of field hospitals & beds and soon the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!
“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well used them beautifully in the last Election dumped them nicely and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. Besides bad ratings! #OPENJOECOLDCASE
I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
Thank you Ryan. Working hard! 
Intelligence has just reported to me that I was correct and that they did NOT bring up the CoronaVirus subject matter until late into January just prior to my banning China from the U.S. Also they only spoke of the Virus in a very non-threatening or matter of fact manner...
....Fake News got it wrong again as always and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country. The people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested U.S. citizens and as such I welcome them with open arms!
Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters.” I will never let you down! 
....And then came a Plague a great and powerful Plague and the World was never to be the same again! But America rose from this death and destruction always remembering its many lost souls and the lost souls all over the World and became greater than ever before!
So nice to see this great honor. Thank you (but haven’t played golf in a long time)! 
Going well despite the Fake News! 
Some things never get old! 
Progress being made! 
Thank you! 
Keep punching Mike! 
Thank you! 
Wow! 
Hopefully our Country will soon mend. We are all missing our wonderful rallies and many other things! 
Many complaints coming in about Maine. I love that State won Maine 2 - Don’t make the cure worse than the problem itself. That can happen you know! 
The Fake News doesn’t show real polls. Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT the Enemy of the People! 
.@PeteHegseth  “Oh bye the way I appreciate the message from former President Bush but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside.” @foxandfriends  He was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest Hoax in American history!
Beautiful thank you to our GREAT @BlueAngels and @AFThunderbirds! 
No reason to turn it down except politics. We have plenty of testing. Maybe you need a new Doctor over there. Crazy Nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work! 
The Democrats are just as always looking for trouble. They do nothing constructive even in times of crisis. They don’t want to blame their cash cow China for the plague. China is blaming Europe. Dr. Fauci will be testifying before the Senate very soon! #DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS 
Not much time to sleep. Thank you! 
So true although Honest Abe wasn’t bad. Thank you! 
She was thrown off The View like a dog Zero T.V. Personas. Now Wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for Fake News MSDNC (Concast). Doesn’t have what it takes! 
Very cool. Please thank him! 
I for one am glad to see he is back and well! 
Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year or sooner! Dems want OPEN BORDERS. I want STRONG BORDERS! 
The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed. Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done that’s why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time. Also she should come back to Washington now! 
I hate to be promoting AT&T but @OANN is Great News not Fake News. Everybody should be carrying them! 
That’s right Jack. Keep up the good work! 
Thank you Michael. You also! 
The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends???? 
Thank you! 
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also just out highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll and shows “Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden.”
There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. Please inform Dr. Brian P. Monahan. @MarkMeadows
Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS! 
Senator Shelley Moore Capito (@CapitoforWV) is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia! She strongly defends our Second Amendment Supports our Veterans and is Strong on Life and the Border....
....Together we will Fight for Small Businesses and Protect American Energy workers! Shelley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Concast (@NBCNews) and Fake News @CNN are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there. They use USA airwaves to help China. The Enemy of the People!
The Governor of Michigan should give a little and put out the fire. These are very good people but they are angry. They want their lives back again safely! See them talk to them make a deal.
Cryin Chuck Schumer compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states has brought very little back to N.Y. A totally overrated loser the one thing he has given them is SALT. He never even called me to stop it. No wonder Cuomo & most others can’t stand him. AOC!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over & over again. “We don’t have enough testing ” he would repeat when he knows we have done a great job on Testing just like we have on Ventilators and everything else. He lied gave NY SALT. Run AOC!
Dirty Cop! 
I have done more for farmers and ranchers than any President in history and it has been my honor in doing so! 
Vote @MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th! His opponent @ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now she’s mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business supports our Incredible Farmers Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime the Border and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin is a big Tax Cutter and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans! If you haven’t yet received your payment go to  and click on “GET MY PAYMENT” to receive your money FAST!
We can’t let the Fake News and their partner the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats get away with stealing the Election. They tried that in 2016. How did that work out?
The Do Nothing Democrats! 
FAKE NEWS! 
Great! 
Plus many! 
Really? Have you looked at the numbers lately! 
FAKE POLLING just like 2016 (but worse)!
What happened to General Michael Flynn a war hero should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!
Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents (with Fake News @CNN closely in toe) was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred & bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!
Despite reports to the contrary Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today 2462 people have died there a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway (207) Finland (206) or Denmark (443). The United States made the correct decision!
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC! 
I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is while dumber than hell quite a bit smarter than Fake News @CNN “anchorman” Don Lemon the “dumbest man on television”. Then you have Psycho Joe “What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend?” Scarborough another of the low I.Q. individuals!
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC a Concast Scam Company wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. He’s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!
Just told that Fake News @CNN is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. Actually he is doing a great job I never shouted at him (been with me for years including the 2016 win) & have no intention to do so. Just FAKE NEWS!
.@CNN doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn & why they got the story so wrong. They along with others should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man & his family. They won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman @JimRyun!
No I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat. He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway. I like him even more than Jill Stein! 
THANK YOU @MarkLevinShow! 
At least they admit it. The Failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost never correct their Fake Reporting! 
The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World. Other countries are way behind us in Testing and therefore show far fewer cases!
THANK YOU MICHAEL! @bittyandbeaus 
 
Thank you @BlueAngels and @AFThunderbirds! #AmericaStrong  
But I love Diamond & Silk and so do millions of people! 
Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by @GregAbbott_TX
Many States moving to SAFELY & QUICKLY reopen!
We are doing far more and better Testing than any other country in the world and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done the same as with the Ventilators they will never say we are doing a great job they will only viciously gripe!
Because Shifty is a crooked politician! 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois as example) and cities in all cases Democrat run and managed when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything but just asking?
FAKE NEWS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
There has never been in the history of our Country a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now even in the midst of a National Emergency the Invisible Enemy!
Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen especially with many states which have old computers.
So true! 
American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems who were all against the BAN. 
Great! 
They are one of the worst in the “news” business. Total slime balls! 
They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th. & I will be there! 
Laura just another Fake News Report! 
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” Does sarcasm ever work?
Reports that H.H.S. Secretary @AlexAzar is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos & havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!
....fraud @donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching @FoxNews in record numbers (thank you President Trump) are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!
.@FoxNews just doesn’t get what’s happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News @CNN & MSDNC wouldn’t let @FoxNews participate even a little bit in the poor ratings Democrat Debates.....
....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running @FoxNews. But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”....
When will all of the “reporters” who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia Russia Russia only to have been proven totally wrong (and in fact it was the other side who committed the crimes) be turning back their cherished “Nobles” so that they can be given....
....Lawsuits should be brought against all including the Fake News Organizations to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!
I work from early in the morning until late at night haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals Military Rebuilding etc. and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work....
....schedule and eating habits written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night & read & see that I am angrily eating a hamburger & Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
I work from early in the morning until late at night haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals Military Rebuilding etc. and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work.....
....schedule and eating habits written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night & read & see that I am angrily eating a hamberger & Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
.@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders and a great Service today from @StPatsNYC!
.@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders and a great Service today from @stpatrickscath!
Happy Birthday to Melania our great First Lady!
Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A.M. (Eastern) for Sunday Mass celebrated by @CardinalDolan at St. Patrick’s Cathedral (@StPatsNYC) in New York City. Join me:  
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats together with their Mainstream Media partners are the Hoax. They have been called out & embarrassed on this even admitting they were wrong but continue to spread the lie!
Remember the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful be safe use common sense!
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions & then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings & the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time & effort!
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking & asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong I was speaking to our Laboratory expert not Deborah about sunlight etc. & the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt & sick!
If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called as they should have they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite and got it wrong as you often do!
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax” I said that the Democrats and the way they lied about it are a Hoax. Also it did start with “one person from China” and then grew & will be a “Miracle” end!
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World and even more than  all major countries combined!
It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!
Many testing sites are and have been open & available. Just passed 5 Million Tests far more than any other country in the world. In fact more than all other major countries combined! Don’t believe the Fake News! 
Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! @SenCoryGardner
.@TripleH is a total winner! 
Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on @TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! @FoxNews
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great and we’re going to keep them happy healthy and well!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators of which we have recently manufactured many and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators of which we have recently manufactured many and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Great News! Randall Stephenson the CEO of heavily indebted AT&T which owns and presides over Fake News @CNN is leaving or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
I (or @VP) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas beauty salons tattoo parlors & barber shops should take a little slower path but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (& USA)!
Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
Just spoke to my friend President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators of which we have recently manufactured many and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. She’s smart and strong knows the truth. Already a heroine to many! 
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators building hospitals beds and yes Testing have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
Important news! 
Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party! 
Governor @JimJusticeWV is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life the Second Amendment and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman @SteveStivers is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio! He defends our Borders Supports our Veterans Strong on Crime and the Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida. He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime the Second Amendment and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement. Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman @MikeTurnerOH is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio! He will help us #MAGA! He’s Strong on the Border Tough on Crime will Protect our Vets and our GREAT Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @Troy_Balderson is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio! He will always Protect your #2A Defend our Borders and Support Small Business – a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @DaveJoyceOH14 is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He is Tough on Crime our Border Second Amendment and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @BradWenstrup is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border Tough on Crime the Second Amendment and Supports Small Business. Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
....My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy. Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes (@SeanReyesUT) is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime the Second Amendment and Loves our Law Enforcement....
Congressman John Curtis (@CurtisUT) gets things done for Utah! John fights for Small Businesses will Lower your Taxes and will protect your Second Amendment. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Chris Stewart (@StewartforUtah) is a tremendous fighter for Utah. He served our Country in the U.S. Air Force and has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda....
....He’s 100% pro-life strong on #2A and Loves our Military and Vets. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman Warren Davidson (@Vote_Davidson) is working very hard for the people of Ohio! He’s a strong supporter of our Military Vets Second Amendment and #MAGA Agenda. Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
....Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman Bill Johnson (@JohnsonLeads) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans Supports Small Business and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
Fully signed and ready to go! 
Please study this closely. We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus! 
We did it once we will quickly do it a second time! 
Thank you to Harvard and all others! 
.@foxandfriends  We now have many Ventilators to spare. Thank you to all! 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News @CNN on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement.
Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats. Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading and the Fake News loves it! 
Sleepy Joe thought this was OK. Not me! 
I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
States are safely coming back. Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again. Special care is and always will be given to our beloved seniors (except me!). Their lives will be better than ever...WE LOVE YOU ALL!
Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post. Cindy is 90 but looks 39 to me. She is going strong!
I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime even without this order our Southern Border aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall & 27000 Mexican soldiers is very tight - including for human trafficking!
“Economic impact of Covid-19.” @foxandfriends Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!
Harvard should give back the money now. Their whole “endowment” system should be looked at! 
Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice Tom Homan: “Defend the Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis.” Great guy get your copy today! 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP Hospitals and Testing. After I sign this Bill we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief....
....to State/Local Governments for lost revenues from COVID 19 much needed Infrastructure Investments for Bridges Tunnels Broadband Tax Incentives for Restaurants Entertainment Sports and Payroll Tax Cuts to increase Economic Growth.
We will never let the great U.S. Oil & Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that most importantly we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the Pandemic.
I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life there’s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof”(Monday Night Football Bachelor Finale  @nytimes) but I don’t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day and all night. Either I’m really good far better than the Fake News wants to admit or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!
Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. He’s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election then cut him off. Wasn’t worth the effort his mind is shot!
Great Alan. They are Fake News! 
7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases    The greatest political scam in American history!
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
.@MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman (#CA25). Loves our Military and Vets...
...He is Strong on Crime the Border and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ballots in now and track them watching for dishonesty. Report to Law Enforcement. 
....He is Strong on Crime the Border and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin is a big Tax Cutter and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! 
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business supports our Incredible Farmers Loves our Military and our Vets....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Last month all you heard from the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats was “Ventilators Ventilators Ventilators.” They screamed it loud & clear & thought they had us cold even though it was the State’s task. But everyone got their V’s with many to spare. Now they scream....
... “Testing Testing Testing” again playing a very dangerous political game. States not the Federal Government should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done. This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators!
Received a very nice call from @GovTimWalz of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs and fast. Good things happening!
Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well and with such great spirit during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse & Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon.
BRILLIANT A MUST WATCH! @RepDanCrenshaw 
White House News Conference at 5:45. Thank you!
Thank you to my boy! 
“On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate in Las Vegas. Three words weren’t said: Virus CoronaVirus or COVID19. NEVER came up!” @BretBaier
Great book by @SenatorTimScott! 
.@FoxNews “Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly” but if I took even a little more time they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me it’s about lives &  the future of our Country!
Nervous Nancy is an inherently “dumb” person. She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax. She will be overthrown either by inside or out just like her last time as “Speaker”. Wallace & @FoxNews are on a bad path watch! 
Just like I was right on Ventilators (our Country is now the “King of Ventilators” other countries are calling asking for help-we will!) I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!
Great credit must be given to @FEMA and all of those that are helping our States make it big! 
Look forward to this! 
CONGRATULATIONS @AF_Academy! 
Great new book out by @realKTMcFarland “Revolution: Trump Washington and We the People”. Get your copy today! 
Will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am (Eastern) watching @jackngraham from @Prestonwood Baptist in Dallas Texas. You can join us at . 
China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back and much more. Joe is an easy mark their DREAM CANDIDATE! 
I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago as have many others. People are dropping off like flies! 
The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media by far is “sources say” or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity” or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!
....them happy or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!
....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus but nothing that anyone could have said including “it’s over” could have made....
No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats no matter how GREAT a job you are doing they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative even in a time of crisis. I thought it would be different but it’s not. In fact it’s even worse...
Great news thank you! 
Thank you @Honeywell great job! 
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P.M. Thank you!
Really nice to see this and what a great pick! 
John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan! 
Spending the morning speaking to @fema and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!
An incompetent political hack! Come back to Washington & take care of our great American workers. 
This is a disgraceful situation! 
Lamestream Media is only getting worse! 
Cut him off now! 
Great book. Get it and support Charlie! 
They are Fake News Losers! 
White House news conference today at 6:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand Ventilators”. We gave him a small fraction of that number and it was plenty. State should have had them in stockpile!
The States have to step up their TESTING!
China has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy. It is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S. not even close!
Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also don’t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
Governor Cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining”. Get out there and get the job done. Stop talking! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had and helped you with....
....testing that you should be doing. We have given New York far more money help and equipment than any other state by far & these great men & women who did the job never hear you say thanks. Your numbers are not good. Less talk and more action!
LIBERATE VIRGINIA and save your great 2nd Amendment. It is under siege!
LIBERATE MICHIGAN!
LIBERATE MINNESOTA!
Today people started losing their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats who should immediately come back to Washington and approve legislation to help families in America. End your ENDLESS VACATION!
Why did the W.H.O. Ignore an email from Taiwanese health officials in late December alerting them to the possibility that CoronaVirus could be transmitted between humans? Why did the W.H.O. make several claims about the CoronaVirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading....
....in January and February as the Virus spread globally? Why did the W.H.O. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? Lanhee Chen Hoover Institution Fellow @FoxNews
THANK GOD FOR TRUCKERS! 
Crazy Nancy Pelosi deleted this from her Twitter account. She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after I closed the BORDER TO CHINA. Based on her statement she is responsible for many deaths. She’s an incompetent third-rate politician! 
Major News Conference tonight the White House at 6:00 P.M. (Eastern) to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN!
Democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program. They are killing American small businesses. Stop playing politics Dems! Support Refilling PPP NOW – it is out of funds!
Crazy “Nancy Pelosi you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians like yourself.” @seanhannity She is totally incompetent & controlled by the Radical Left a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!
.@OANN Poll “Gives President Trump a 52% Approval Rating in North Carolina and a seven point lead over (Sleepy) Joe Biden. The President also helps other Republican Candidates including @SenThomTillis who has a 4% lead over his Democrat rival.”
White House news conference today at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work and soon. More to come! #MAGA
My condolences to the Steinbrenner family and the entire @Yankees Organization on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner. He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all! 
#ThanksForDelivering @UPS! 
“The Art of an Oil Deal” 
White House news conference today at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere. Our military deployments in the Caribbean & Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized! 
Tell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!
GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I.D. THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!
Cuomo’s been calling daily even hourly begging for everything most of which should have been the state’s responsibility such as new hospitals beds ventilators etc. I got it all done for him and everyone else and now he seems to want Independence! That won’t happen!
The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan. Replenish Account Now!
My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late great Stanley Chera one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable kind and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!
First the Fake News Media said that it’s not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences but it is the only way I can reach the American People as seen in the below poll. 
White House news conference today at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
....It is the decision of the President and for many good reasons. With that being said the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors and this will continue. A decision by me in conjunction with the Governors and input from others will be made shortly!
For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states not that of the President of the United States & the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect....
....disaster the Energy Industry will be strong again far faster than currently anticipated. Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia.
Having been involved in the negotiations to put it mildly the number that OPEC+ is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day not the 10 Million that is generally being reported. If anything near this happens and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19.....
The @nytimes story is a Fake just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That part is easy the hard part is WHY?
The @nytimes story is a Fake just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later and @PeterNavarroUSA memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
Thank you Paris! 
Thank you! 
I look forward to it also! 
Great going Natalie! 
Sorry Fake News it’s all on tape. I banned China long before people spoke up. Thank you @OANN 
Fake News! 
Governors get your states testing programs & apparatus perfected. Be ready big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also gear up with Face Masks!
The Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) and their partner the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have put their political game plan in full swing. “Whether he is right or wrong it doesn’t matter. Criticize ’Trump’ for everything and don’t let the public see Biden. Hide him.”
If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing with all their might the fact that President Trump “ignored early warnings about the threat” then why did Media & Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China? They said “early & not necessary.” Corrupt Media!
Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe Chris Wallace on @FoxNews. I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press(please!) or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to @FoxNews. It’s a whole new ballgame over there!
The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!
For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning and will win the war on the Invisible Enemy!
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernie Marcus Co-Founder of Home Depot said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernies Marcus Co-Founder of Home Depot said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating  CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
HAPPY EASTER!
A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC & State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!
HAPPY EASTER! 
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews!
Cryin’Chuck doesn’t have a clue. Couldn’t care less about the American Worker! 
Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews! 
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs and obviously want back in. Sad!
Governor @GavinNewsom of California has been very nice &  highly supportive about the great job we have done working together for California. That is the good news but this is the bad. He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems MSDNC etc. He is strong! Will he fold?
I will be watching. HAVE A GREAT EASTER! 
The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs & Trade are losers for the U.S. but winners for other countries including China. If we followed their standards  we’d have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs and obviously want back in. Sad!
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs and obviously want back in. Sad!
Watching @FoxNews on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives like @OANN.
“The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job. When they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported they (the opposition) act like they’re sad because it’s lower. I think they are (Press Conferences) wonderful.” West Virginia Resident C Span
Great editorial by @SenRonJohnson! 
Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor @robertjeffress at  Church in Dallas Texas tomorrow morning at 10:20 AM Eastern. 
WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!
....Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS.
When the Failing @nytimes or Amazon @washingtonpost writes a story saying “unnamed sources said” or any such phrase where a person’s  name is not used don’t believe them. Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. They are made up to defame & disparage. They have no “source”...
“I think the situation is unprecedented and there is no question about that. It’s whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth jobs and even wage increases and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the....
“Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan and we are booming in North Dakota.” Jim on C Span Washington Journal. Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in!
Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...NOT EVEN CLOSE!  I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats & of course the few remaining RINO’S are doing everything in their power to disparage & end them. The People’s Voice!
The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P.M. recognizing that it is Good Friday!
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
Wow Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96%. Thank you!
Not good Gregg but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines! 
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants Clubs & Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
This week in only 4 days we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
Tim Scott is Great! 
Thank you Frank. It’s ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story! 
Thank you Erin! 
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers Cattlemen Ranchers and Producers!
I have directed @SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable strong and safe....
The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” (Monday Night Football Bachelor Finale according to @nytimes) & is only way for me to escape the Fake News & get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day we honor the more than 500000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life. We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit! 
.@OANN  A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens military and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting which is “RIPE for FRAUD” and shouldn’t be allowed!
This morning 450000 protective suits landed in Dallas Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies—DuPont and FedEx—and our friends in Vietnam. Thank you! @DuPont_News @FedEx 
Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States Israel and around the world! 
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister @NarendraModi for your strong leadership in helping not just India but humanity in this fight!
Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!
Wow Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates and wants more of them! What’s that all about?
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats & the DNC wanted same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party TRADE!
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY and it will be sooner rather than later the horror of the Invisible Enemy except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM perhaps like never before!!!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY and it will be sooner rather than later the horror of the Invisible Enemy except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM perhaps like never before!!!
...the Fake News Media into not covering them but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to of all sources the Failing New York Times “Monday Night Football Bachelor Finale” type numbers (& sadly they get it $FREE). Trump Derangement Syndrome!
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame.....
Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner! 
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud and for whatever reason  doesn’t work out well for Republicans. @foxandfriends
“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  Good news!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Look forward to it.
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Just had a conf call w/ major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses & the #PPPloan. I ask every company big & small making announcements about innovative contributions hiring new workers or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with #AmericaWorksTogether! 
Wisconsin get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!
Why didn’t the I.G. who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration (Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17000 people died?) want to talk to the Admirals Generals V.P. & others in charge before doing her report. Another Fake Dossier!
The W.H.O. really blew it. For some reason funded largely by the United States yet very China centric. We will be giving that a good look. Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on. Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?
Vote today Tuesday for highly respected Republican Justice Daniel Kelly. Tough on Crime loves your Military Vets Farmers & will save your 2nd Amendment. A BIG VOTE! 
Great job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on @FoxNews!
The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled. VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow and be safe! 
White House news conference at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! 
Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention one where he doesn’t have to show up. Gee I wonder why? Also what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?
Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information to a level that few can understand or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
USA STRONG!
Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt & dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth & haven’t been for years (Witch-Hunts Fake News)! 
For humanitarian reasons the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and when appropriate allowed to disembark under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying & no other countries would allow them to dock!
.@gayletrotter  “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.” @FoxNews
White House news conference at 6:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy. It is tough and smart but we are tougher and smarter!
I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while. May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting depending on new information. Talks & meetings today are proving promising but a rough two weeks are coming up!
Thank you Gayle! 
I agree! 
A very biased “journalist”. 
A great & wonderful woman! 
Corrected Fake News! 
He wants to raise taxes all over our Country! 
Disgraceful! 
Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I will be tuning into Pastor @greglaurie at @harvestorg Church in Riverside California tomorrow at 11:00 A.M. Eastern. 
....We will get through this together and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime take care of mom and dad and know that this will not be forever! @littleleagueceo
To all of our youth who are missing the start of their @LittleLeague seasons hang in there! We will get you back out on the fields and know that you will be playing baseball soon....
The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers Ranchers Processors Distributors and Stores! @JohnBoozman
I will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P.M. at the White House. Thank you!
.@CNN is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!
Good idea Dana! 
Great! 
I agree with this. Watch! 
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the #PPPloan if the allocated money runs out. So far way ahead of schedule. @BankofAmerica & community banks are rocking! @SBAgov @USTreasury
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the @ppploan if the allocated money runs out. So far way ahead of schedule. @BankofAmerica & community banks are rocking! @SBAgov @USTreasury
I fully agree! 
Thank you Cory! 
Great job being done by @BankofAmerica and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! #CARESActSmall Business Guidance & Loan Resources:  
Thank you @DeptofDefense @USACEHQ @USNationalGuard @FEMA and @CDCgov!  
Thank you @USNationalGuard keep up the great work! 
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made Promises Kept! #MAGA
Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your #2A. Tough on Crime Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!
We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD 
.....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good (GREAT) news for everyone!
Just spoke to my friend MBS (Crown Prince) of Saudi Arabia who spoke with President Putin of Russia & I expect & hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels and maybe substantially more which if it happens will be GREAT for the oil & gas industry!
“The States have to get the money to the people who need it.” @MariaBartiromo  And FAST!
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Massive amounts of medical supplies even hospitals and medical centers are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites & are never satisfied (politics?). Remember we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods a very talented Admiral in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State including hospitals & a hospital ship but no matter what always complaining.....
...It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed it would never be good enough. Unlike other states New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining & find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!
Upon information and belief Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops and/or assets in Iraq. If this happens Iran will pay a very heavy price indeed!
Congress must pass the old and very strongly proven deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants and everything related back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly they will all be saved!
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD#COVIDー19  
Great work @AtlasAirWW thank you! 
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P.M. Eastern.
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500 while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer more affordable and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
Thank you Mike! 
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG & BOLD Two Trillion Dollars and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say & what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually other than her usual complaining that I’m a terrible person she wasn’t bad. Still praying!
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful.” @foxandfriends  Thank you everybody is working very hard!
White House news conference at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
On #NationalDoctorsDay we recognize the remarkable men & women who treat their fellow Americans find cures for the diseases & illnesses we face and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity respect and empathy they deserve. 
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help/Stimulus Bill by over a week trying to add real “junk” into the Bill. Got some bad things having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
Thank you Dr. Hahn & the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor @MikeDeWine. Great potential! 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern.
So proud of the @USACEHQ @FEMA and the Federal Government for the 2900 bed hospital they built in 4 days (way ahead of schedule) in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on @TeamCavuto.
I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen & the United Kingdom. It was reported that Harry and Meghan who left the Kingdom would reside permanently in Canada. Now they have left Canada for the U.S. however the U.S. will not pay for their security protection. They must pay!
Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans. You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. We love you! 
...The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus.” Michael M. Grynbaum @NYTimes
...On Monday nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trump’s briefing on CNN Fox News and MSNBC according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC CBS NBC and online streaming sites and the audience is expanding. On Monday Fox News...
...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
“President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise...
Because the “Ratings” of my News Conferences etc. are so high “Bachelor finale Monday Night Football type numbers” according to the @nytimes the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. “Trump is reaching too many people we must stop him.” said one lunatic. See you at 5:00 P.M.!
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet!
The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor @MikeDeWine there is a company in Ohio @Battelle which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
“With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year.... and then the Virus came along.” @larry_kudlow  @MariaBartiromo We were breaking all records especially on employment. It will all come roaring back again and fast!
Highly recommended by Governor @MikeDeWine of Ohio. @FDA must move quickly! 
Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P.M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!
....Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York New Jersey and Connecticut I have asked the @CDCgov to issue a strong Travel Advisory to be administered by the Governors in consultation with the....
With the courage of our doctors and nurses with the skill of our scientists and innovators with the determination of the American People and with the grace of God WE WILL WIN THIS WAR. When we achieve this victory we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before! 
I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing “hot spots” New York New Jersey and Connecticut. A decision will be made one way or another shortly.
Heading to the Great State of Virginia now will be there shortly. The #USNSComfort is “loaded to the gills” at Naval Station Norfolk departing for New York City this afternoon. 
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that the media would be trusted again and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that the media would be trusted again and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent & far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. When you see “five sources say” don’t believe the story it is....
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous & corrupt people who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
Thank you James! 
More Fake News! 
Such Fake reporting by the @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN & others. They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. They really are corrupt and disgusting. No wonder the media is according to polls record setting low & untrusted.  #MAGA
I love Michigan one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
I love Michigan one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. A Fake News “journalist”. 
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together we will endure we will prevail and we will WIN! #CARESAct 
I just signed the CARES Act the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $2.2 Trillion Dollars this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families workers and businesses. #CARESAct 
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:30 P.M. Eastern!
Thank you to Rachel @Maddow for putting our Military on full display and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing! Also a special thanks to General Semonite a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder! 
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:00 P.M. Eastern!
Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 4:00 P.M. Eastern! 
Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed! 
Thousand of Federal Government (delivered) Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times (ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates including Judges leaving little time!
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
As usual with “this” General Motors things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40000 much needed Ventilators “very quickly”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000 in late April and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “P”.
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News @washingtonpost add 10 points! 
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats do nothing Kentucky politician @RepThomasMassie is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win (But don’t worry we will win anyway!). He is a disaster for America and for the Great State of Kentucky!
...& costly. Workers & small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done. 90% GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named @RepThomasMassie a Congressman from unfortunately a truly GREAT State Kentucky wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He can’t stop it only delay which is both dangerous......
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much & has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:10 P.M. @FoxNews
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN! 
Our great Oil & Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again. Vital that it does for our National Security!
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
I will be doing a News Conference live from the @WhiteHouse at 5:00 P.M. (Eastern) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A.M. by World Teleconference. Also my 12:00 P.M. Teleconference call w/50 Governors plus Territories will be discussed.
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!
....I have been packed all day with meetings I have no time for stupidity. We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House wondering out loud “when will life return to normal?” Does anybody really believe that? There was no leak they made it up – they are CORRUPT & FAKE NEWS....
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP.  We will be stronger than ever before!
Today is National #MedalofHonorDay. Join me in a #MomentofHonor to remember those who have earned our Nation's highest award for valor in combat. The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for America’s values and the American way of life! 
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan and the IOC on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success and I look forward to being there!
The four hospitals that we (FEMA) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!
Just reported that the United States has done far more “testing” than any other nation by far! In fact over an eight day span the United States now does more testing than what South Korea (which has been a very successful tester) does over an eight week span. Great job!
The Democrat’s Best & Finest! 
Gee that’s too bad. Such a fine guy. Presidential aspirations you know! 
This is really great news! I am so happy I can barely speak. He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse U.S. Senator but he is a RINO and I like him a lot! 
I am working very hard to help New York City & State. Dealing with both Mayor & Governor and producing tremendously for them including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo (I do). Just sent 4000 ventilators!
“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.”  @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
TOGETHER WE WILL PREVAIL! 
Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
Will be doing a Town Hall on @FoxNews at 12:05 P.M. (Now). I will go on around 1:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else and Seniors will be watched over protectively & lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE (by far) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
Congress must approve the deal without all of the nonsense today. The longer it takes the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
The Defense Production Act is in full force but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book! 
Thank you Kirstie! 
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews! @OANN 
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace! 
The Media is hopeless. Too bad! 
Thank you Tony! 
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
This will never be approved by me or any other Republican! 
The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders & Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
....us since the beginning of this crisis.” They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China (and Europe) very early long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic” but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
This is the way the @nytimes finished a story on me. “You can see the contrast between the steady assured informed and strong leadership that VP Biden (Sleepy Joe) has shown and the bungling chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. (not Pres.) Trump has shown....
....is NOT their fault in any way shape or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States and all around the world. They are amazing people and the spreading of the Virus....
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places! #COVIDー19 
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse & worse” until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake & Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
STRONG & UNITED WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
Robert we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you! 
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
I watch and listen to the Fake News CNN MSDNC ABC NBC CBS some of FOX (desperately & foolishly pleading to be politically correct) the @nytimes & the @washingtonpost and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
My friend (always there when I’ve needed him!) Senator @RandPaul was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P.M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
The hard working men and women of @UPS are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation keep it up!
.@JBPritzker Governor of Illinois and a very small group of certain other Governors together with Fake News @CNN & Concast (MSDNC) shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail and always will be!
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. #TEAMWORK
Thank you to Fred Smith and @FedEx for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
Ford General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products FAST! @fema  Go for it auto execs lets see how good you are? @RepMarkMeadows @GOPLeader @senatemajldr
So true! 
That doesn’t sound like Michael does it? 
Maria is Great! 
Thank you @JennPellegrino @OANN 
Thank you David so true! 
Thank you! 
CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK 
White House News Conference at 12:30 P.M. Thank you!
....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING MOVE FAST and GOD BLESS EVERYONE! @US_FDA @SteveFDA @CDCgov @DHSgov
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN taken together have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH (H works better with A International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents).....
Great story. Thank you to Mr. Young of Jonesboro Arkansas! 
Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses! @SBAgov 
A Great Guy! 
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1% and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse @SteveDaines! 
America’s Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG! Many of the Nation’s distillers large and small are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight #COVID19. THANK YOU! 
THANK YOU to our Police Officers Fire Fighters and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
THANK YOU! #ThankATrucker 
SOCIAL DISTANCING! 
We are going to WIN sooner rather than later!
STRONG & UNITED WE WILL PREVAIL! 
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need but we are all in this TOGETHER!
Thank you @HerschelWalker! 
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help America will WIN.
I want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...
...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors nurses and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE PATRIOTISM and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United WE WILL PREVAIL!
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! 
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe! 
We will be by mutual consent temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
....Also according to the Daily Caller leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida 48% to 42%.
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party 53% overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake & Corrupt News day and night. “Russia Russia Russia” then “the Ukraine Scam (where’s the Whistleblower?)” the “Impeachment Hoax” and more more more....
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously and have done a very good job from the beginning including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful & false!
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
I will totally protect your Medicare & Social Security!
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies for instance the shutting down of hotels bars and restaurants money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen! #KILLTHEVIRUS
Failing  Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same.” But all states aren’t the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big “hotspot” West Virginia has thus far zero cases. Andrew keep politics out of it....
The “Times” is a disgrace to journalism! 
Great news Lindsey! 
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries like Airlines and others that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
God Bless the USA!
I must say that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago and nothing happened in fact I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting but they will. Be careful!
The individual Governors of States and local officials must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights working in conjunction with @CDCgov and the Federal Government!
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these they are not truthful. Watch for their apology it won’t happen. More importantly thank you to Google! 
So now it is reported that after destroying his life & the life of his wonderful family (and many others also) the FBI working in conjunction with the Justice Department has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House 5 P.M. @VP  We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States which are a very big factor. They are working hard along with us to get the job properly done.....
....The USA was never set up for this just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge 17000 people lost very late response time) but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China and other borders early. Saved many lives!
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays we are moving as quickly as possible but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you! @Jentezen
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help but it will all work out! 
This took place in the Rose Garden just coming out of a cold Winter! 
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk! 
Thank you Sara. Keep writing great talent! 
Thank you! 
Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer. I will be tuning in to Pastor @Jentezen at the @FreeChapel Church in Gainesville Georgia at 11:00 AM EDT. God Bless the USA!  
The @CDCgov has published guidelines on  to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves their families and their communities.
Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19.
COVID-19 UPDATE 
THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY! 
Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room news conference coming up shortly.  
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Attending meetings on Covid-19 in the White House. Working with States and local governments many of whom have done a great job. Full report latter!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
Larry I am not surprised that Candace was great. I would only be surprised if she wasn’t great! 
Good teamwork between Republicans & Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people. 
....the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt. I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES! I will always put....
....the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill ASAP!
I fully support H.R. 6201: Families First CoronaVirus Response Act which will be voted on in the House this evening. This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers. I have directed....
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared. 
....No matter where you may be I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together we will easily PREVAIL!
It is my great honor to declare Sunday March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that throughout our history has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
At my request effective midnight tonight Carnival Royal Caribbean Norwegian and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way!
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared! 
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort today I am officially declaring a National Emergency. 
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P.M. The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
To this point and because we have had a very strong border policy we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders that number would be many times higher!
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic & physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also STIMULATE!
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly & efficiently let them have the full money that they earned APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster with thousands dying and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut ready to go!
For decades the @CDCgov looked at and studied  its testing system but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic but a pandemic would never happen they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks and any alarm that he might have caused an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency and that killed 12000 Americans.” @LouDobbs
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best with fast action of border closings & a 78% Approval Rating the highest on record. His was lowest!
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem some of which we are helping!
KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO.... 
KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO.... 
KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY STAFF AND STUDENTS TO.... 
KEEPING THE HOME SAFE ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO.... 
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to and happened with the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States and others!
“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck you’re going to take home more money.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats and please remember very important for all countries & businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from Europe. The restriction stops people not goods.
The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength. We have a common enemy actually an enemy of the World the CoronaVirus. We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. There is nothing more important to me than the life & safety of the United States!
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern) from the Oval Office.
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check  for updates and follow all recommendations that are available....
....We have the greatest healthcare system experts scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. Together we will PREVAIL!
....Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent detect treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists doctors nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what party you are in. We need to protect ALL Americans!
Vanity Fair Magazine which will soon be out of business and their third rate Fake reporters who make up sources which don’t exist wrote yet another phony & boring hit piece. The facts are just the opposite. Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus!
Thank you Gavin. Team is doing a great job! 
THANK YOU IDAHO! #KAG2020 
Pocahontas working in conjunction with the Democrat Party totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route it wouldn’t even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
THANK YOU WASHINGTON! #KAG2020 
....(which is under siege) is strong on Crime and the Border and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville a winner has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville) is running for the U.S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA/KAG or our Country down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment....
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MISSOURI! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI! #KAG2020 
Best unemployment numbers in the history of our Country. Best employment number EVER almost 160 million people working right now. Vote Republican unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
If you like automobiles how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars as quickly as possible especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also no more than one car per family. I on the other hand have new plants being built all over Michigan Plus!
If you like automobils how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars as quickly as possible especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also no more than one car per family. I on the other hand have new plants being built all over Michigan Plus!
Great meeting on Capitol Hill with the @SenateGOP! 
Thank you @SenateGOP! 
Ronald Reagan’s great economist the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut!
Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job. Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary!
Nancy Pelosi just said “I don’t know if we can be ready this week.” In other words it’s off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats. That’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years!
There is another Russia Russia Russia meeting today. It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff so I wouldn’t expect too much! @DHS_Wolf
The Federal Reserve must be a leader not a very late follower which it has been!
Our pathetic slow moving Federal Reserve headed by Jay Powell who raised rates too fast and lowered too late should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. They now have as much as a two point advantage with even bigger currency help. Also stimulate!
Well deserved Jack. A great honor! 
True with number 1 being more important! 
Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie!
Polls say they BOTH lose to “Trump”. 
Wow! @foxandfriends blew away the competition of Morning Joke (which did very poorly) on MSDNC (Another Comcast sleaze production) and @CNN’s New Day in the Morning Television Ratings. A total blowout but that’s what you get when you treat “Trump” fairly!
Going up fast. We need the Wall more than ever! 
Fake News!! 
Oklahoma Vote for your GREAT Senator Today. Nobody better than Jim! 
THANK YOU Jim for your incredible support of our #MAGA Agenda! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Great State of Oklahoma and you have my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Congressman @StevenPalazzo is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi. He strongly supports our #MAGA Agenda. Steven will continue to protect your #2A & Support our INCREDIBLE Vets & Military. Steven has my Complete Endorsement. VOTE for Steven tomorrow March 10th!
Congressman Michael Guest (@GuestCongress) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is strong on Crime and the Border he loves our Military and Vets. Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow March 10th!
So last year 37000 Americans died from the common Flu. It averages between 27000 and 70000 per year. Nothing is shut down life & the economy go on. At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus with 22 deaths. Think about that!
Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. That and the Fake News is the reason for the market drop!
Good for the consumer gasoline prices coming down!
So much FAKE NEWS!
The BEST decision made was the toughest of them all - which saved many lives. Our VERY early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world!
Great job being done by the @VP and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
“Trump has outmastered the Deep State. He’s light years ahead of us.” MSDNC. I disagree. We have a long way to go. There are still some very bad sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country (In fact they hate our Country!).
Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia Russia Russia. They are driving him Crazy!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T. He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. The DNC is doing it to Bernie again! Will he ever get angry?
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer said “You will pay the price for this. You won’t know what HIT YOU.” That is far beyond simple rhetoric. That is a physical threat or at least a threat that you better vote for us.” Trouble ahead!
The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party is doing everything within its semi-considerable power (it used to be greater!) to inflame the CoronaVirus situation far beyond what the facts would warrant. Surgeon General “The risk is low to the average American.”
A great book support Charlie BUY IT!  Already Number One. 
Working hard Lori! 
There are no mixed messages only political weaponization by people like you and your brother Fredo! 
Who knows what this means but it sounds good to me! 
The New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism. They were a dead paper before I went into politics and they will be a dead paper after I leave which will be in 5 years. Fake News is the Enemy of the people!
We have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the White House for our attack on CoronaVirus. We moved VERY early to close borders to certain areas which was a Godsend. V.P. is doing a great job. The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to make us look bad. Sad!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott!
.....least 5 States & the Nomination. Did the DNC & Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait? If so they were deadly the race would have been over & Bernie would have won. Dirty double dealing? Nobody knows for sure & history will be the judge. But I say here we go AGAIN Bernie!
We have now learned for sure that the Democrats don’t want anything to do with Crazy Bernie. Rigged? First @amyklobuchar & @PeteButtigieg quit the race & come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday. Pocahontas says NO & quits race AFTER ELECTION thereby depriving Bernie of at..
I agree with Joe! 
Thank you to the Great State of Tennessee. We are with you all the way! 
Thank you @GovBillLee and @MariaLeeTN. My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee. Together we will prevail!  
....I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well. He will become the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. Thank you!
I am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff. I have long known and worked with Mark and the relationship is a very good one....
Congratulations to @FoxNews! 
Thank you @GovBillLee. We are a phone call away and here for you! 
My Administration is with you all of the way Tennessee. We love you! 
Spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the California Coast. CoronaVirus test kits have been delivered testing is taking place now. 
It is FAKE NEWS that @HHSGov @SecAzar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force. He has the total confidence of the @VP and myself and is doing a fantastic job as the numbers would indicate!
I will protect your Social Security and Medicare just as I have for the past 3 years. Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order and he won’t even know he’s doing it!
 
JOBS JOBS JOBS!!! 
Thanks Linda but they were really good last night! 
Thank you! 
My great honor! 
Thank you Audrey! 
The WALL is well under construction. So far we’re up to 129 miles and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed! 
We have appointed 220 Federal Judges and two Supreme Court Justices. PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
Thank you David a lifelong Democrat from Pennsylvania. We will continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
Thank you Scranton Pennsylvania. It was a great evening! 
Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with @MarthaMacCallum and @BretBaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you Nan! 
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu where nearly 13000 people died in the U.S. was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC & lightweight Washington failure @RonaldKlain who the President was then?
The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country. This is just more Fake News. We are investing greatly in our schools and always will!
Mini Mike you’re easy!  
With approximately 100000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide and 3280 deaths the United States because of quick action on closing our borders has as of now only 129 cases (40 Americans brought in) and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
“Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.” @LisaMarieBoothe @edhenry @FoxNews
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head just dropped out of the Democrat Primary...THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie at least Massachusetts Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
.@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates. Sadly I didn’t get that information from the Fake News Media. They don’t report those things or the far more than Dems cumulative votes despite no opposition!
“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China despite strong opposition to that decision.” @SenTomCotton Thank you Tom!
Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court!
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats in particular MSDNC. Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly only looking to do harm to the incredible & successful effort being made!
As per recent Federal Court ruling the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities. They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary. Do not protect criminals!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 9:10 P.M.
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
There can be few things worse in a civilized law abiding nation than a United States Senator openly and for all to see and hear threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices. This is what Chuck Schumer just did. He must pay a severe price for this!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
This is a direct & dangerous threat to the U.S. Supreme Court by Schumer. If a Republican did this he or she would be arrested or impeached. Serious action MUST be taken NOW! 
Thank you keep up the great work! 
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDCgov @HHSGov and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health our Economy and our Nation!
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDC @HHSGov and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health our Economy and our Nation!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg along with his wacky friend Tom Steyer have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election! They both wish they had it to do over again!
Today it was my great honor to address the @LatinoCoalition Legislative Summit. With the hard work love & devotion of millions of incredible Hispanic-Americans our Country is thriving our people are prospering and our future has never looked brighter! 
Mini Mike “Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump (and I failed miserably!).
Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim O’Brien and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS. This has been the worst and most embarrassing experience of his life...and now on to Sleepy Joe!
Mini Mike Bloomberg just “quit” the race for President. I could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes and he would have saved himself a billion dollars the real cost. Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joe’s campaign hoping to save face. It won’t work!
The Mayor of Los Angeles @ericgarcetti is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless and the horrendous effects it is having on the City which is a mess. I then watch him talk “trash” on me!
Wow! If Elizabeth Warren wasn’t in the race Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts Minnesota and Texas not to mention various other states. Our modern day Pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER!
The great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator @SteveDaines. He is doing an incredible job! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way & last night I was 20 for 20 (per @GOPLeader). WE NEED STEVE!
I will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday. The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100% whatever they need! The tornadoes were of record size & velocity. God bless your loved ones & all of the families affected! Thanks to @GovBillLee & @MarshaBlackburn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
This is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed Attorney General of the United States & then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to stare down & end the phony Russia Witch Hunt. Recuses himself on FIRST DAY in office and the Mueller Scam begins! 
So selfish for Elizabeth Warren to stay in the race. She has Zero chance of even coming close to winning but hurts Bernie badly. So much for their wonderful liberal friendship. Will he ever speak to her again? She cost him Massachusetts (and came in third) he shouldn’t!
The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders AGAIN! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts. It was a perfect storm with many good states remaining for Joe!
THANK YOU CALIFORNIA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU UTAH! #KAG2020 
But they really knew who was going to win! 
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren other than Mini Mike was the loser of the night. She didn’t even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts. Well now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
The biggest loser tonight by far is Mini Mike Bloomberg. His “political” consultants took him for a ride. $700 million washed down the drain and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike and the complete destruction of his reputation. Way to go Mike!
THANK YOU ARKANSAS! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MINNESOTA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU COLORADO! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU TEXAS! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MAINE! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU TENNESSEE! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU MASSACHUSETTS! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU OKLAHOMA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU ALABAMA! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU VERMONT! #KAG2020 
Mini Mike don’t lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself! 
The National Institutes of Health is home to some of the greatest doctors scientists and researchers in the world. Thank you for all your doing @NIH keep up the great work!  
I am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks. When I sign it into law it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands. ALL thanks to @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines two GREAT Conservative Leaders!
I commend the hard work of Senator @SteveDaines and @SenCoryGardner in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come. The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both!
#PrayForNashville 
It was my great honor to address the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference where 1200 County Leaders whose incredible devotion talent and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans each and every day. 
The Federal Reserve is cutting but must further ease and most importantly come into line with other countries/competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
The Federal Reserve is cuting  but must further ease and most importantly come into line with other countries/competitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
Prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in Tennessee. We will continue to monitor the developments. The Federal Government is with you all of the way during this difficult time. 
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker!
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker!
Go Admiral Ronny! 
Texas & Oklahoma: Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling fracking and pipelines. Petroleum based “anything” is dead. Energy jobs gone. Don’t vote for Mini Mike!
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5% a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
....paying higher rates than many others when we should be paying less. Tough on our exporters and puts the USA at a competitive disadvantage. Must be the other way around. Should ease and cut rate big. Jerome Powell led Federal Reserve has called it wrong from day one. Sad!
Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5% a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
Thank you @JackBrewerBSI. We’re with you all the way. The American people know what’s going on they totally get it. Watch what happens in November 2020! Thank you for your continued support. Together we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #BlackVoicesforTrump 
WOW! Sleepy Joe doesn’t know where he is or what he’s doing. Honestly I don’t think he even knows what office he's running for! 
The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut. Great for the middle class great for the USA!
This is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the Great American Comeback! Jobs are booming incomes are soaring poverty is plummeting confidence is surging and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military. PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country cherish our values respect our laws and always put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you for a wonderful evening!! #KAG2020 
WOW! Thank you just landed see everyone soon! #KAG2020
Departing for the Great State of North Carolina! 
They are staging a coup against Bernie!
THANK YOU! 
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn is Strong on Crime & Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A Loves our Military Vets & will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Nicole is Strong on Crime and Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A Loves our Military Vets and will stand with our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
THANK YOU @BillCassidy for all of your support with our #MAGA Agenda. You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana & the U.S.A. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KAG2020 
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants who are getting richer and richer by the day!
.@FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be unlike their competitors @CNN & MSDNC (Comcast) Fair & Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave @FoxNews permission to partake in their low rated debates!
....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading not following!
As usual Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have for all of the right reasons the lowest Rate. We don’t putting us at a.....
Jack Welch former Chairman and CEO of GE a business legend has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife & family!
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm & vigilant!
“Ever since (Mini Mike) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances his support has dropped.” @abcnews  Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants who are laughing all the way to the bank still support him...And by the way he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
“The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.” @kayleighmcenany @JudgeJeanine
Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding the best. Thank you! 
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Amazing!!!  And while you’re at it go get Charlie’s new book “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future”...This is a really GREAT book. Support Charlie Kirk!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game! Thank you. 
Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday (not up) and got his speaking location wrong again! 
Thank you! 
Thank you. I love you too! 
The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back as he said in his fake ad. It was @RudyGiuliani who brought NYC back and who also with his endorsement got Mini Mike elected (with barely a thank you). A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION AGAIN!
People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media as headed by the @nytimes @washingtonpost @comcast & MSDNC @ABC @CBSNews and more. They no longer believe what they see and read and for good reason. Fake News is indeed THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“Who better than @RepRatcliffe who got to the bottom of the FISAGATE & RUSSIAGATE HOAX. It makes a lot of sense to put John Ratcliffe in there (DNI).The Senate should quickly approve him. @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo  John will do a great job for the American people!
A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the Coronavirus (Number One) compared to other health threats.” 64% for Zika 58% for Ebola. Others way down on list. Our professionals are doing a great job!
The food is GREAT at Sammy’s Mexican Grill in Phoenix Arizona. Congratulations to Betty & Jorge Rivas on doing such a wonderful job. I will try hard to stop by the next time I am in Phoenix. Support Sammy’s! @foxandfriends
Coronavirus: In addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries or areas within those countries they will also be screened when they arrive in America. Thank you! @VP @SecAzar @CDCgov @CDCDirector
.....a very dark and lonely path! Your reputation will never be the same!
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s consultants and so-called “advisors”(how did that advice work out? Don’t ask!) are on the “gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing Mini hard when they knew he never had what it takes. Don’t pay them anymore Mike they led you down....
I would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates Tom Steyer or Mini Mike Bloombeg would contribute to the Democrat Party even against me after the way they have been treated - laughed at & mocked. The real politicians ate them up and spit them out!
Tom Steyer who other than Mini Mike Bloomberg spent more dollars for NOTHING than any candidate in history quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the Democrat Clown Show. Go away Tom and save whatever little money you have left!
Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders and take the nomination away from him!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg’s Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates  Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters taking many away!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Dana you are the real deal! 
THANK YOU @CPAC! #CPAC2020 
I will be having a 1:30 P.M. Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments. Thank you!
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA! 
South Carolina was GREAT. A BIG & REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD!
A so-called reporter named @JohnJHarwood who bombed so badly in the 2016 Presidential Debates that I thought he was going to be immediately fired (a Mini Mike type performance) is now with Fake News @CNN. A total loser!
I hope we can get Admiral @RonnyJackson4TX of Texas who served our Country so well into the runoff election in #TX13! Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders GREAT for our Military and Vets and will protect your #2A. Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday March 3rd!
Thank you to all of the incredible Law Enforcement Officers in South Carolina tonight. We love you! 
It was my great honor to be back in South Carolina tonight with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in Faith Family God and Country. Thank you for a beautiful evening! #KAG2020 
I am pleased to announce the nomination of @RepRatcliffe (Congressman John Ratcliffe) to be Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Would have completed process earlier but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished. John is an outstanding man of great talent!
On my way to the Great State of South Carolina. See everyone soon! #MAGA #KAG 
Nobody fights harder for Montana than @SteveDaines. Steve is a close friend of mine a STRONG Conservative and a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime & Borders GREAT for our Military & Vets & will protect your #2A. Steve has my Complete Endorsement!
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were perhaps the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed “Stop & Frisk” after swearing by it for years and even recently. He horribly overused it & then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
We strongly stand with Terrence! 
“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us.” @RjHarris15  WHP580
Worst Polls just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark are the @FoxNews Polls. Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
To the people of South Carolina Tom Steyer is a joke laughed at by everyone a total incompetent. He made money in coal now he “hates” coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance a loser for South Carolina doesn’t deserve your vote!
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight 7:00 P.M. for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
“Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities.” @FoxNews  In other words there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States & Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement (ICE). This is BIG NEWS! Funds will be cut off immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax & anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad while I was busy calling early BORDER & FLIGHT closings putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong!
So the Coronavirus which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world but very slowly in the U.S. because President Trump closed our border and ended flights VERY EARLY is now being blamed by the Do Nothing Democrats to be the fault of “Trump”.
So nice! 
“Diagnosis positive: @CNN is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I’m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” @trish_regan @FoxNews  Like I say they are Fake News!
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is he was not true to himself and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President & all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC & all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U.S. & China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting their time on the Impeachment Hoax & anything they could do to make the Republican Party look bad while I was busy calling early boarder & flight closings putting us way ahead in our battle with the Coronavirus. Dems called it very wrong!
“Anti-Trump Network @CNN doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump.” @trish_regan @FoxNews Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
They spied on my campaign! 
.@RepKevinBrady (R) of Texas-08 loves Texas & our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman & supporter of #MAGA. Strong on Crime Border Military Vets and your 2A he is the best Tax Cutter in D.C. Kevin has my Complete & Total Endorsement. Vote on March 3rd. Thank you!
Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA! Hardly even recognizable. 
My two great friends. Proud of you both! 
Eric I can live with that! 
Piers I like you too! 
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
“Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing.” @RealCandaceO @MariaBartiromo
Big Story Big Win - Except in the Fake News which won’t cover it! 
....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean & undisciplined mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t know how to handle her but I know she is a “chocker”. Steyer was a disaster who along with Mini are setting records in $’s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
Crazy chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady but helped greatly by his many commercials (which are not supposed to be allowed....
I will be having a News Conference at the White House on this subject today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives and others will be there. Thank you!
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) & @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible including panicking markets if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk no action. USA in great shape! @CDCgov.....
Just landed. India was great trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today. @CDCgov @SecAzar and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
“U.S. acted on the Coronavirus very very quickly.” Gordon Chang  @IngrahamAngle
Thank you! 
Russia wants him to win! 
An absolute disgrace! 
52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow they would say we did a really poor and even incompetent job. Not fair but it is what it is. So far by the way we have not had one death. Let’s keep it that way!
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. It was opposed by the Dems “too soon” but turned out to be the correct decision. No matter how well we do however the.....
That is because they cover your favorite President relatively well. @CNN & MSDNC are dying in the ratings! 
No surprise! 
True but we are getting it all done! 
A total miscarriage of justice! 
There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case. Look at her background. She never revealed her hatred of “Trump” and Stone. She was totally biased as is the judge. Roger wasn’t even working on my campaign. Miscarriage of justice. Sad to watch!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is complaining for publicity purposes only that I should be asking for more money than $2.5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus. If I asked for more he would say it is too much. He didn’t like my early travel closings. I was right. He is incompetent!
“Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices  of being biased in favor of Trump.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  This is a terrible thing to say. Trying to “shame” some into voting her way? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a “faker”. Both should recuse themselves..
....on all Trump or Trump related matters! While “elections have consequences” I only ask for fairness especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Court!
..It has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started Mueller Report FISA the leaking lying & more. Schiff should not have access to Intelligence he is a corrupt pol. “Amazing that they went to Bernie Sanders but not to President Trump.” @marthamaccallum
“U.S. Intelligence official overstated assessment of Russian efforts to help Trump.” @FoxNews @GreggJarrett They supposedly told Crazy Bernie that Russia was looking at him not me. This is all a big scam between Intel and the Democrats. They want Bernie OUT & hate “Trump”.
Spelled @GiannoCaldwell!
Great new book just out “Taken for Granted How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed” by Gianni Caldwell a young winner! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library Simi Valley California on Thursday at 6 PM PT. Check it out!
Totally correct! 
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA. We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. CDC & World Health have been working hard and very smart. Stock Market starting to look very good to me!
Set up by Schiff’s lies & leaks. Same with the Mueller Witch Hunt 3 years ago! 
THANK YOU @NarendraModi!
Thank you Lori so true! 
Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words: “We the people.” That means that in America and India alike we honor respect trust empower and fight for the citizens we proudly serve! 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a Record. 218 Federal Judges also a Record. 2 Supreme Court Justices. Thank you!
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I have done far more for the African American community than any President. Secured funding for HBCUs Criminal Justice Reform Opportunity Zones School Choice Record Low Unemployment and so much more. THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I I have done more 
Are any Democrat operatives the DNC or Crooked Hillary Clinton blaming Russia Russia Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada. If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller & the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report Democrat Edition. Bob will get to the bottom of it!
Somebody please tell incompetent (thanks for my high poll numbers) & corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or even worse made up information to the Fake News Media. Someday he will be caught & that will be a very unpleasant experience!
Look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters @CPAC on Saturday February 29th! #KAG2020 
Departing for India with Melania! 
Just another Shifty Schiff leak. Isn’t there a law about this stuff? 
“The Kremlin is reportedly backing Bernie Sanders bid to win the White House.” Jon Scott  @FoxNews  Why didn’t somebody tell me this?
Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden & the rest look weak & no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie & don’t let them take it away from you!
Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA! 
Wow great foresight! 
Democrats in the Great State of Nevada (Which because of the Economy Jobs the Military & Vets I will win in November) be careful of Russia Russia Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
“An investigation into NOTHING.” The wonderful @trish_regan on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
Incredible people great Rally! 
Good luck Angela! 
Simply put he choked! 
....The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats using disinformation Hoax number 7 don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. It’s all rigged again against Crazy Bernie Sanders!
MSDNC (Comcast Slime) @CNN and others of the Fake Media have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers along with @TulsiGabbard & Jill Stein (of the Green Party) both agents of Russia they say. But now they report President Putin wants Bernie (or me) to win.
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background every community & every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism excitement energy & enthusiasm. We are welcoming Americans of all parties & political persuasions to join our incredible movement to #MAGA! 
THANK YOU Las Vegas Nevada! I was delighted to be back in a state I love with proud hardworking PATRIOTS. With your help this November we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide! #KAG2020 
ON MY WAY! #KAG2020
So @TeamCavuto has very bad ratings on @foxnews with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith who also suffered from the ratings drought?
@SenateGOP Highest Trump Poll Numbers EVER! Thank you!
Mitch and I have made great progress. Coming back fast! 
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
Great! 
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to after two weeks count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA MEXICO CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
“She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.” @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @FoxNews
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you will be back soon!
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany @RichardGrenell for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains with thousands of terrific hardworking American Patriots. With your help this November we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems and we are going to WIN Colorado! 
Wow thank you — on my way!! 
Just arrived in Colorado see everyone soon! 
Could somebody at @foxnews please explain to Trump hater A.B. Stoddard (zero talent!) and @TeamCavuto that I won every one of my debates from beginning to end. Check the polls taken immediately after the debates. The debates got me elected. Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan!
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the @LVMPD’s Hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today where we reaffirmed that America is a nation that believes in REDEMPTION! 
“The real winner last night was Donald Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. I agree!
“The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable.” @Judgenap  @HARRISFAULKNER @FoxNews
“I don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. Mini there’s even less chance especially after watching your debate performance last night of you winning the Democrat nomination...But I hope you do!
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran. If a Republican did what they did there would be very serious ramifications!
“They say Roger Stone lied to Congress.” @CNN  OH I see but so did Comey (and he also leaked classified information for which almost everyone other than Crooked Hillary Clinton goes to jail for a long time) and so did Andy McCabe who also lied to the FBI! FAIRNESS?
This makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night. Worst debate performance in history! 
A really great moment! 
This is the REAL Mini Mike. He admitted many times that he is “a fan of Donald Trump. He’s a New York ICON.” Thank you Mike! 
.@JRubinBlogger (Jennifer Rubin) the wacko “conservative” of the @washingtonpost must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late & he is gone! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates and there have been some really bad ones. He was stumbling bumbling and grossly incompetent. If this doesn’t knock him out of the race nothing will. Not so easy to do what I did!
Thank you Arizona! With your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep ON WINNING! America is thriving like never before and the BEST IS YET TO COME! 
“What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism blatant corruption and the total destruction of your Second Amendment. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! 
A beautiful evening in Phoenix Arizona with Great American Patriots. THANK YOU! 
Wow! 
....for the wonderful job he has done and we look forward to working with him closely perhaps in another capacity within the Administration!
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany @RichardGrenell will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him. I would like to thank Joe Maguire....
I AM ON MY WAY SEE YOU SOON! 
Heading to Arizona big rally and big crowd! #MAGA #KAG2020
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to @LisaMarieBoothe who really “gets” what’s going on! @FoxNews
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls (here we go again just like 2016) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd just like the Fake News is corrupt!
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country and wish him well in his future endeavors! 
Highest Stock Market In History By Far!
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is that he doesn’t respect our great farmers or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
Kerry & Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act. This is why Iran is not making a deal. Must be dealt with strongly! 
There must be JUSTICE. This can never happen to a President or our Country again! 
Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and your wonderful family of friends! 
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts the Mueller Scam the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy Jobs Military Vets 2A & more I would be at 70%. Oh well what can you do? 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court. Thank you!
Mini Mike. No I would rather run against you!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts the Mueller Scam the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy Jobs Military Vets 2A & more I would be at 70%. Oh well what can you do? 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
.....Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike Major Party Nominations are not for sale! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember no standing on boxes!
What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. He is “spreading” money all over the place only to have recipients of his cash payments many former opponents happily joining or supporting his campaign. Isn’t that called a payoff? .....
Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York. He supports our #MAGA Agenda will continue to Secure Our Border Loves our Military Vets and is Strong on the #2A. Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 4/28!
The Mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. He shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in! 
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts the Mueller Scam the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy Jobs Military Vets 2A & more I would be at 70%. Oh well what can you do? 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ Pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). I think almost any judge in the Country.....
.....would order a new trial I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way. ‘Madam foreperson you’re a lawyer you have a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example I want China to buy our jet engines the best in the World....
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by Congress and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed with no excuses...
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
The United States cannot & will not become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product including for the always used National Security excuse that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way. ‘Madam foreperson you’re a lawyer you have a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated including those being contemplated by Congress and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed with no excuses...
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example I want China to buy our jet engines the best in the World....
The United States cannot & will not become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product including for the always used National Security excuse that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie AGAIN! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two. A Rigged Convention!
....BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
....badly tainted and in my opinion should be thrown out. Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director (again) has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasn’t President I’d be suing everyone all over the place...
These were Mueller prosecutors and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier lying and forging documents to the FISA Court and many other things. Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who support him. Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury.’ Pretty obvious he should (get a new trial). I think almost any judge in the Country.....
.....would order a new trial I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury whose also a lawyer by the way. ‘Madam foreperson your a lawyer you have a duty an affirmative obligation to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
Thank you Clint! 
Praying for Ryan Newman a great and brave @NASCAR driver! #PrayingForRyan
....ever. Had to rebuild our military which was totally depleted. Fed Rate UP taxes and regulations WAY DOWN. If Dems won in 2016 the USA would be in big economic (Depression?) & military trouble right now. THE BEST IS YET TO COME. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Did you hear the latest con job? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration. He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression despite Zero Fed Rate & MASSIVE quantitative easing. NOW best jobs numbers....
Completion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now. Enjoy!
“They tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last Impeachment trial that we went through. In Arizona people are tired of their obstruction their investigations and their Impeachments. They want them to get to work.” @SenMcSallyAZ  @foxandfriends  Thanks Martha
HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY!
#DAYTONA500 
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful under construction Southern Border Wall “fell over” trying to make it sound terrible except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured & soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed “forever”.
Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500. Will be GREAT!
Thank you to @JackBrewerBSI for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records!  @foxandfriends  @FoxNews
BIG PROGRESS! 
Remember will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done. I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible! 
Thank you David! 
IG report on Andrew McCabe: Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure...Lacked Candor (Lied) on four separate occasions...Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests...IG RECOMMENDED MCCABE’S FIRING. @FoxNews @IngrahamAngle
.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened ready to claim exoneration and take his case of grievance persecution and resentment to the campaign trail.” Peter Baker  @nytimes  The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. ‘When you strike at the King Emerson famously said “you must kill him.’ Mr. Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Nice! 
Great honor I think?  Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India.” Actually I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
.@LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda Border WALL Military Vets and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida including the France family and @RepMichaelWaltz from #FL6. See you there good luck to everyone! @NASCAR @SenRickScott @marcorubio @GovRonDeSantis 
Thank you Arnold very nice. 
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul....
....Today @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
.@LouisGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda Border WALL Military Vets and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports our #MAGA Agenda will continue to Secure Our Border Loves our Military & Vets & is Strong on the #2A. Tom has my Complete Endorsement! 
.@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w/ the WALL he Loves our Military & Vets and is Strong on the #2A. Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Mo fully supports Securing our Border w/the WALL he Loves our Military & Vets & is Strong on the #2A. Mo has my Complete Endorsement! 
“The Greatest name in politics” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our #MAGA Agenda. Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
....Today @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul....
Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the @CarnivalCruise ship Westerdam into your port. The United States will remember your courtesy! @MickyArison
It is happening again to Crazy Bernie just like last time only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him and there’s very little he can do. A Rigged System!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney many highly religious people all very smart voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. That’s what he is!
I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions) and that will....
“President Trump with smart policies has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” A.G. Barr  This doesn’t mean that I do not have as President the legal right to do so I do but I have so far chosen not to!
I’m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits & harrassment start cleaning itself up and lowering taxes. Build relationships but don’t bring Fredo!
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife Karen who I have a lot of respect for once pulled me aside & said strongly that “John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here he will only speak well of you.” Wrong!
When I terminated John Kelly which I couldn’t do fast enough he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him. He came in with a bang went out with a whimper but like so many X’s he misses the action & just can’t keep his mouth shut.
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
Mini Mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will with enough money possibly stop him. Bernie’s people will go nuts!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence you will see. He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb “Low Energy” Bush but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini! 
“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
Now it looks like the fore person in the jury in the Roger Stone case had significant bias. Add that to everything else and this is not looking good for the “Justice” Department. @foxandfriends @FoxNews
GREAT NEWS! #KAG2020 
.@ClaudiaTenney is a fantastic candidate running in New York where she was a Great member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime Borders Cutting Taxes your #2A and she Loves our Military and Vets. Claudia has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@NMalliotakis is running for Congress in NY I know her well we need her to defeat Max Rose who voted for Impeachment! Nicole is Strong on Crime & Borders #2A Cutting Taxes & she Loves our Military & Vets. Nicole has my Complete & Total Endorsement! 
.@MattForMontana Rosendale is a Strong & Conservative fighter for Montana. Matt stands w/ our Brave Veterans Loves our Military and he will continue working to Secure our Border. Matt will NEVER let our #2A go unprotected. Matt has my Total Endorsement! 
.@WesleyHuntTX is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First policies. Wesley is strong on Crime the Border our 2nd Amendment Trade Military and Vets. Wesley has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your #2A fight for our Farmers Oil/Gas Workers and he supports our #MAGA & #KAG Agenda. August has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
.@BethVanDuyne did Great things as Mayor of Irving Texas with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who supports Border Security Loves our Military Vets and supports your #2A. Beth has my Full Endorsement for Congress! 
.@JayObernolte of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Border he Loves our GREAT Law Enforcement Officers Military Vets and he will protect your #2A. Jay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! 
....If my hands were tied Iran would have a field day. Sends a very bad signal. The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican Party. Don’t let it happen!
It is very important for our Country’s SECURITY that the United States Senate not vote for the Iran War Powers Resolution. We are doing very well with Iran and this is not the time to show weakness. Americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani....
.@dagenmcdowell “Every Democrat is running to raise taxes. She (Pocahontas) lied about her ethnicity that was her problem.” @MariaBartiromo  So true Dagen!
Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone (who was not even working for the Trump Campaign). Gee that sounds very fair! Rogue prosecutors maybe? The Swamp! @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson
Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought & tainted. Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress!
Fake News @CNN and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire (and in Iowa). That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.
The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story but there is nothing too fabulous. Wouldn’t a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president in either party in the history of that Great State? Not an insignificant fact!
Thank you Brad! 
Prosecutorial Misconduct? 
Bootedgeedge (Buttigieg) is doing pretty well tonight. Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money. Very interesting!
A very bad night for Mini Mike!
A lot of Democrat dropouts tonight very low political I.Q. 
Who are the four prosecutors (Mueller people?) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal the Mueller Scam and shouldn’t ever even have started? 13 Angry Democrats?
Impeachment King Steyer (how did that work out?) spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1% of the vote in Iowa and only 3% of the Vote in New Hampshire. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to do what I did is it?
Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas is having a really bad night. I think she is sending signals that she wants out. Calling for unity is her way of getting there going home and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband!
Whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podesta’s BROTHER? Wasn’t he caught forced to leave his firm with BIG BAD things to happen? Why did nothing ever happen to him only to the “other” side?
...And a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 years for. A phony Mueller Witch Hunt disgrace. Caught! 
Is this the Judge that put Paul Manafort in SOLITARY CONFINEMENT something that not even mobster Al Capone had to endure? How did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton? Just asking! 
All starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation! 
When Jerome Powell started his testimony today the Dow was up 125 & heading higher. As he spoke it drifted steadily downward as usual and is now at -15. Germany & other countries get paid to borrow money. We are more prime but Fed Rate is too high Dollar tough on exports.
Mini Mike is a short ball (very) hitter. Tiny club head speed. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
New Stock Market RECORD. Congratulations spend your money wisely. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!!
Great being in New Hampshire last night. I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history. Incredible evening!
WOW BLOOMBERG IS A TOTAL RACIST! 
BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
This is a horrible and very unfair situation. The real crimes were on the other side as nothing happens to them. Cannot allow this miscarriage of justice! 
Just returned to White House from Dover. Very sad! 
Nice conflict. Brown dropped out of presidential race FAST. Polled at ZERO! 
Disgraceful! 
Should never happen to another President! 
TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP! 
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE! 
“A lot of people feel defeated...Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him.” Danny Villazon  @nytimes @DanaPerino @FoxNews  But isn’t that what you want from your President?
Wall Street Journal Editorial: “She (Crazy Nancy) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.”
Meeting with U.S. Governors in a short while. All States are doing well. “Thank you Mr. President.”
Thank you to @mirandadevine of the New York Post for your interesting (and correct) column today. “Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October. He gets 67% on economy. Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high: 28% up 10 points in a year. Nice one Nancy.”
Hope the Fake News which never discusses it is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They won’t!
Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax AOC will primary Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and win and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House AGAIN! My poll numbers great.
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a Record! 53% overall (plus add 9 points?). Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax. Thank you Nancy!
Will be in Manchester New Hampshire tonight for a big Rally. Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on. Still waiting for the Iowa results votes were fried. Big crowds in Manchester!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back now that lightweight Senator @DougJones cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax. Thought his boss Cryin’ Chuck would have forced him to vote against the Hoax. A Do Nothing Stiff!
.@LarrySabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in than he is at telling you what is going to happen because in fact he doesn’t have a clue! 
Sabato got it all wrong last time never came close to understanding the Trump Voter. Actually it’s simple MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
It’s all turning and fast! MVP Heckler. 
“They (Conservatives) thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak and therefore his (Romney’s) judgement is questioned.” @MZHemingway @HowardKurtz @FoxNews
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldn’t understand the Transcripts. Romney could but didn’t want to!
Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax. No clue! 
Yes!!!!! 
This is so true! 
This will never get old! 
DeFace the Nation will tell @LindseyGrahamSC that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done. Clean up D.C. now last chance! 
I grew up in New York City and over many years got to watch how GREAT NYC’s “Finest” are. Now because of weak leadership at Governor & Mayor stand away (water thrown at them) regulations and lack of support our wonderful NYC police are under assault. Stop this now!
The Dems are crazed they will do anything. Honesty & truth don’t matter to them. They are badly wounded. Iowa vote count was a disaster for them! 
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this but you will see on November 3rd. 
The feeling of many about @MittRomney! 
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
...But just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak & pathetic Joe Manchin the same (I got the Pension Bill approved Manchin couldn’t do it) the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt & disgust!
Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts sadly which he wouldn’t understand anyway.....
Law Enforcement has been notified. Be careful tough guys who you play with! 
Great lineup on @FoxNews tonight with @JesseBWatters @JudgeJeanine and & @greggutfeld. All starts at 8:00 P.M. Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax!
A great coach and a fantastic guy. His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal! 
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons from 1963-1986 and had more hits 4256 than any other player (by a wide margin). He gambled but only on his own team winning and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. It’s Time!
Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko! @RepDLesko  Love Arizona. 
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. He just canceled. Very hard to work with New York - So stupid. All they do is sue me all the time! 
More Fake News. This was photoshopped obviously but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean! 
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy!
...the worst weeks ever.” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy who is the most overrated person in politics (going to lose the House a second time) didn’t bring the phony & corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems can’t do anything right just look at the Iowa vote count!
.@RepDebDingell who called me tears flowing to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax said “everybody (Dems) wants to get out of town. This has been in my whole career one of...
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here”. @LeeSmithDC  @IngrahamAngle  @FoxNews So true although the Dems Hoaxes & Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls and mine mightily!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!) and my Polls WAY UP which was expected but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races including North Carolina Kentucky Colorado and Arizona. Thanks!
Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25% down (although their votes are all fried!). 
Fake News @CNN & MSDNC keep talking about “Lt. Col.” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually I don’t know him never spoke to him or met him (I don’t believe!) but he was very insubordinate reported contents of my “perfect” calls incorrectly &...
....was given a horrendous report by his superior the man he reported to who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words “OUT”.
Not good! 
After years building up other countries we are finally rebuilding OUR Country. From our inner cities to our rural communities the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten NO LONGER! #OpportunityNow 
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney many highly religious people all very smart voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. That’s all he is!
I was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions) and that will....
Another win just in. Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me thrown out. This one unanimous in the D.C. Circuit.Witch Hunt!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!#PromisesMadePromisesKept 
Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President. Great tradition!
Off to North Carolina! 
The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer “fried”. Nobody knows who the real winner is. Maybe it’s Sleepy Joe but it’s not looking that way. They lost millions & millions of dollars all for NOTHING. But I WON Iowa big!
I think they should blame RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA again! If they can’t count votes properly how are they going to run U.S. HealthCare? 
Welcome back James! 
Very true thank you Ted & John. I love Texas! 
So do I! 
Thank you Charlie! 
Don’t worry it won’t happen! 
....he will be successful especially as the weather starts to warm & the virus hopefully becomes weaker and then gone. Great discipline is taking place in China as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation. We are working closely with China to help!
Just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China. He is strong sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus. He feels they are doing very well even building hospitals in a matter of only days. Nothing is easy but...
“The Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by Congressional Democrats led by Speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history - a man they knew to be innocent.” @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
“This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln.” @LouDobbs
Welcome back to Earth @Astro_Christina and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space! You’re inspiring young women and making the USA proud! Enjoyed speaking with you and @Astro_Jessica on the first all-female spacewalk IN HISTORY last year.
Nevada I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – I’m confident we can get it done!
So true! 
Had failed presidential candidate @MittRomney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me he could have won the election. Read the Transcripts!
@nytimes “The Votes Were A Resounding Victory For Mr. Trump.” True but the Impeachment Hoax was just a continuation of the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats corrupt practices!
“What Really Happened”
I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00pm from the @WhiteHouse to discuss our Country’s VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax!
“The Democrats want to run a Country and they can’t run a Caucus.” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews  Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems. They should bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP!
Thank you Jonathan and great job! 
It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country. Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech. It was my great honor to have done it!
#SOTU2020 
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party = 95% a record! Big Iowa win. Approval Rating overall = 53% a new high. With our great Economy and other major successes would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes???
Market up big today on very good economic news. JOBS JOBS JOBS!
The Democrat Party in Iowa really messed up but the Republican Party did not. I had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state by far beating President Obama’s previous record by a lot. Also 97% Plus of the vote! Thank you Iowa!
When will the Democrats start blaming RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the Great State of Iowa?
It is not the fault of Iowa it is the Do Nothing Democrats fault. As long as I am President Iowa will stay where it is. Important tradition! 
The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster. Nothing works just like they ran the Country. Remember the  5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website that should have cost 2% of that. The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is “Trump”.
Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight. Thank you!
Many people do not know what a great guy & fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend! 
Where’s the Whistleblower? Where’s the second Whistleblower? Where’s the Informer? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President??? Why didn’t the House do its job? And sooo much more!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Republicans in Iowa go out and Caucus today. Your great Trade Deals with China Mexico Canada Japan South Korea and more are DONE. Great times are coming after waiting for decades for our Farmers Ranchers Manufacturers and ALL. Nobody else could have pulled this off!
I hope Republicans & the American people realize that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is exacty that a Hoax. Read the Transcripts listen to what the President & Foreign Minister of Ukraine said (“No Pressure”). Nothing will ever satisfy the Do Nothing Radical Left Dems!
@LindseyGrahamSC 
The DNC on Bernie Sanders “Looks like they’re going to do it to him again doesn’t it?” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
Hope you liked this! 
Great company! 
Thank you Mike! 
So Great! 
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. You represented the Great State of Kansas and in fact the entire USA so very well. Our Country is PROUD OF YOU!
I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad! 
ENJOY THE GAME USA OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
My @SuperBowl Interview at 3:30 P.M. on @foxnetworks. Enjoy!
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage and to have the right to stand on boxes or a lift during the debates. This is sometimes done but really not fair!
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere just wasting his money but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie something they wouldn’t do for @CoryBooker and others. They are doing it to Bernie again 2016.
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact Bloomberg isn’t covering himself (too boring to do) or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! It’s all the Fake News Media and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats don’t want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election & that includes the House & Senate. They are playing with the people by taking it this far!
Correct! 
Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck! 
Wall is moving along strong tall and quickly. Thank you Jim for all of your help! 
Thank you John! 
Happy birthday to a wonderful man & friend! 
Such a great common sense question. Crazy! 
Getting a little exercise this morning! 
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the Fake News never mentions) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth”. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN! 
Congratulations to @loudobbs Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President”  fairly & objectively! #MAGA #KAG 
No matter what you give to the Democrats in the end they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House they gave us NOTHING!
Democrats = 17 Witnesses. Republicans = 0 Witnesses.
The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting “fairness” when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the U.S. Congress. They had 17 Witnesses we were allowed ZERO and no lawyers. They didn’t do their job had no case. The Dems are scamming America!
Incredible numbers! 
Nadler ripped final argument away from Schiff thinks Shifty did a terrible job. They are fighting big time! 
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats’ Partisan Hoaxes Witch Hunts & Con Jobs. Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves & we are welcoming these voters to the Republican Party w/ wide open arms! 
Washington Dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election – and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the NEXT ELECTION. Together we are going to win back the House we are going to hold the Senate & we are going to keep the White House! 
To keep America Safe we have fully rebuilt the U.S. Military – it is now stronger more powerful and more lethal than ever before. Thanks to the courage of American Heroes the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED & its founder & leader – the animal known as al-Baghdadi – is DEAD! 
This November we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and win the Great State of Iowa in a Historic Landslide! #KAG2020 
Thank you Iowa I love you! 
Great poll in Iowa where I just landed for a Big Rally! #KAG2020 
Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U.S. all in good recovery.
Leaving Michigan now great visit heading for Iowa. Big Rally!
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE the USMCA was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
Just landed in Michigan. Car companies and many others are building and expanding here. Great to see!
Happy birthday today to two of the very best in Congress—@RepMikeJohnson (age 48) and @RepLeeZeldin (age 40—big one!). Two Great American Patriots!!
Congressman @MichaelCBurgess has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Brian @Babin4Congress of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on the Second Amendment and Securing our Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Brian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Great photos from a SOUTHERN BORDER WALL Briefing with Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
“Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless.” @foxandfriends  His District is in terrible shape. He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax. In my opinion he is mentally deranged!
Just received a briefing on the Coronavirus in China from all of our GREAT agencies who are also working closely with China. We will continue to monitor the ongoing developments. We have the best experts anywhere in the world and they are on top of it 24/7! 
Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS. Stand with your Commander in Chiefs!
With Votes in the House tomorrow Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America and stand up to as an example Iran. Protect our GREAT COUNTRY!
GAME OVER! 
For the first time in American History we have replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that REWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that will keep jobs wealth and growth right here in AMERICA! 
Thanks to our pro-worker pro-American economic policies unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years. We have created over 7 MILLION new JOBS. More Americans are working today than EVER before. We have the hottest ECONOMY on earth! 
USMCA is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects defends and serves the great people of our Country. Promises Made Promises Kept! 
USMCA is a massive win for American manufacturers and auto workers! 
They will never be satisfied! 
“The best evidence is the Transcript itself.”  Brad Blakeman  @FoxNews
There is much talk that certain Democrats are going to be voting with Republicans on the Impeachment Hoax so that the Senate can get back to the business of taking care of the American people. Sorry but Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will never let that happen!
Mark Penn Harris Poll: “It’s time to end the Impeachment Trial.” @foxandfriends  Just another political Hoax by the Dems!
Remember Republicans the Democrats already had 17 witnesses we were given NONE! Witnesses are up to the House not up to the Senate. Don’t let the Dems play you!
....many more mistakes of judgement gets fired because frankly if I listened to him we would be in World War Six by now and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty & untrue book. All Classified National Security. Who would do this?
For a guy who couldn’t get approved for the Ambassador to the U.N. years ago couldn’t get approved for anything since “begged” me for a non Senate approved job which I gave him despite many saying “Don’t do it sir” takes the job mistakenly says “Libyan Model” on T.V. and..
Democrats admitting the Impeachment Hoax! 
Thank you! 
175000 ticket requests. Keep America Great! 
Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago when he was very publicly terminated. He said not that it matters NOTHING!
No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats no matter how much information is given like the quickly produced Transcripts it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Only this way can we save the America we love – and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all! 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #TrumpRallyNJ #KAG2020 
Thank you Wildwood New Jersey! #KeepAmericaGreat
It’s amazing what I’ve done the most of any President in the first three years (by far) considering that for three years I’ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Heading to New Jersey. Big Rally in fact Really Big Rally!
 
The Witch Hunt continues! 
This is what a future State of Palestine can look like with a capital in parts of East Jerusalem. 
هذا ما قد تبدو عليه دولة فلسطين المستقبلية بعاصمة في أجزاء من القدس الشرقية. 
I will always stand with the State of Israel and the Jewish people. I strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland. It's time for peace! 
תמיד אעמוד לצד מדינת ישראל והעם היהודי. אני תומך בחוזקה בבטיחותם ובטחונם ובזכותם לחיות במולדתם ההיסטורית. הגיע הזמן לשלום! 
The Fed should get smart &  lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other Countries which pay much lower even though we are by far the high standard. We would then focus on paying off & refinancing debt! There is almost no inflation-this is the time (2 years late)!
Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Almost everyone say YES!
.....So what the hell has happened to @FoxNews. Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. How’s Shep Smith doing? Watch this will be the beginning of the end for Fox just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
Really pathetic how @FoxNews is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen the no name Senator from Maryland. He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax. Dems wouldn’t even give Fox their low ratings debates....
Don Lemon the dumbest man on television (with terrible ratings!). 
Charlie I always knew you are brilliant! 
Thank you to Chuck & all. USMCA is going to be GREAT! 
Thank you Roger it is a big Hoax! 
Congrats to Christine! 
A full & complete Endorsement for @RepDonBacon who is doing a great job. Strong on crime loves our Military Vets & 2A! 
On International Holocaust Remembrance Day we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime....
Senate hearing on the Impeachment Hoax starts today at 1:00 P.M.
We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus. Very few cases reported in USA but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!
Schiff must release the IG report without changes or tampering which is said to be yet further exoneration of the Impeachment Hoax. He refuses to give it. Does it link him to Whistleblower? Why is he so adamant?
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify. It is up to them not up to the Senate!
I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats including the Bidens. In fact he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. If John Bolton said this it was only to sell a book. With that being said the...
...transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed in addition to the fact that President Zelensky & the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. Additionally I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations...
...(Democrats said I never met) and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles. My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration.
Kobe Bryant despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time was just getting started in life. He loved his family so much and had such strong passion for the future. The loss of his beautiful daughter Gianna makes this moment even more devastating....
.....Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family. May God be with you all!
Reports are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in California. That is terrible news!
Nothing done wrong READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Majority of people say “the U.S. Senate already has enough information!” @FoxNews
Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt can anyone including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake @NBCNews continue to listen to his con?
“Again: Read the Transcript!” Michael Goodwin New York Post Sunday.
Great Editorial in today’s Wall Street Journal “And Congress Shall Be King.” Bottom line: “The President becomes a vassal of King Congress. This is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this House Impeachment as its own abuse of power.” A partisan Hoax!
Why didn’t Schiff release this? 
A very good question! 
“This is what Democrats have done. They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire. They did this with Russia Collusion & there was no fire. It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of.” @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends
“It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends
Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue. Caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks. He and others should be fired by @nytimes! 
Rep. Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff’s Reputation 
Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN and probably a very sick man. He has not paid the price yet for what he has done to our Country!
The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. In just two hours the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call & more!
True! 
All Democrats should watch this! 
وزیر امور خارجه ایران می گوید ایران خواستار مذاکره با ایالات متحده است اما می خواهد که تحریم ها برداشته شود. @FoxNews @OANN   نه، مرسی! 
Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States but wants sanctions removed. @FoxNews  @OANN No Thanks!
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
....at the judges that we have right now.
“You don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case unless you know your case is not working. I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy. We’re doing a great job on the economy we’re building our military look.....
Martha is a great leader on this issue! 
Three great men! 
Such a great family! 
Thank you Nick! 
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY including the Democrats truly knows it is. This should never be allowed to happen again!
Our case against lyin’ cheatin’ liddle’ Adam “Shifty” Schiff Cryin’ Chuck Schumer Nervous Nancy Pelosi their leader dumb as a rock AOC & the entire Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Party starts today at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews @OANN or Fake News @CNN or Fake News MSDNC!
“I like President Trump’s Tweets (Social Media) I like everything about him...and this Ukraine stuff the trial the impeachment this isn’t t about Ukraine. Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016 and..
....secondly he is fulfilling every promise he made and that is making his opponents apoplectic. They’re trying to get him out of office and they’re not going to succeed.” Pastor Robert Jeffress author of “Choosing the Extraordinary Life”  Thank you Pastor! @LouDobbs @FoxBus
The Great @LouDobbs: “People know after 3 years of this President the most historic President in our Country’s history that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years foreign policy domestic policy you name it it’s amazing. Just to have the guts not to be.....
....intimidated by this national left wing media that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining crying puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do.”
Check out @seanhannity now on @FoxNews. Big tonight!
A really big show tonight by @seanhannity  9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy. They know it’s a con but just can’t sell it! Public strongly against Impeachment.
It was my honor to welcome our nation’s Mayors to the @WhiteHouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs excellent schools affordable healthcare and safe communities for all of our people! 
 
After consultation with our Great Military Leaders designers and others I am pleased to present the new logo for the United States Space Force the Sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military! 
China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular on behalf of the American People I want to thank President Xi!
#MarchForLife 
The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating over and over again the same old “stuff” on the Impeachment Hoax. They want to use up ALL of their time even though it is the wrong thing to do. They ought to go back to work for our great American people!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
More than anything else the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats like AOC Omar Cryin’ Chuck Nervous Nancy & Shifty Schiff are angry & “deranged” over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges & Two Great New Supreme Court Justices. Don’t blame me blame Obama!
Jim is great! 
Cryin’ Chuck never had what it takes and never will! 
The Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left Do Nothing Dems Scam attack. They always knew I did nothing wrong!
“I often get asked the question well isn’t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes but the Congress has no choice it has a Constitutional responsibility.” Joe Biden pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us! @foxandfriends
After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the House and then having to endure hour after hour of lies fraud & deception by Shifty Schiff Cryin’ Chuck Schumer & their crew looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on Saturday which is called Death Valley in T.V.
....a foreign power engaged in clandestine intelligence activities and yet they still asked for the renewal two more times and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files & Emails Text messages.....” So how bad & illegal is that? @FoxNews
Frances Hakes former Federal prosecutor “This is really significant. The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017 and then even after they did that even after they knew from the CIA & from their own sources they knew that Carter Page was not the agent of
“He’s got to explain this. How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars (from China) to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days?” @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews
“21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump.” @FoxNews
Jeanne Mancini President March for Life: “We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life.” But now you do! See you later Jeanne. @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
Carlos will win big very exciting. Great for Florida great for USA! He has my complete and total Endorsement! 
True! 
That is a real fan. Thank you! 
On my way see you soon! 
Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security. I have totally left it alone as promised and will save it!
A poll of Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats just came out in Florida. Nice results! 
I LOVE ALABAMA! 
Interesting poll in Texas-13! #TX13 
Close race in Kansas! 
“President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity” by @KellyannePolls 
“The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime.” @AriFleischer
The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister @Netanyahu & Blue & White Chairman @Gantzbe to the @WhiteHouse next week. Reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative.
The Democrats don’t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff the Biden’s the fake Whistleblower(& his lawyer) the second Whistleblower (who vanished after I released the Transcripts) the so-called “informer” & many other Democrat disasters would be a BIG problem for them!
“This is all about undermining the next Election.” Liz Peek @FoxNews
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals. He says that if he loses (he really means when!) in the primaries he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is. By doing this he figures they won’t hit him as hard....
....during his hopeless “presidential” campaign. They will remain silent! The fact is when Mini losses he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right!
The Democrats & Shifty Schiff whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine Pakistan Philippines Egypt Honduras & Mexico. Witch Hunt!
No matter what you give to the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats it will never be enough!
The Democrat House would not give us lawyers or not one witness but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought or even asked for? They had their chance but pretended to rush. Most unfair & corrupt hearing in Congressional history!
In an Impeachment you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case filling in gaps with presumptions against the President. It was a weak presentation self indulgent & he didn’t deliver the goods.” Robert Charles @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
“There is no evidence of a crime.” Robert Charles Fmr Asst Secy of State. The crimes were committed by the other side!
“Schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth so he’s manufacturing things.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends
Sorry if you come you will be immediately sent back! 
See you on Friday...Big Crowd! 
True! 
“NO PRESSURE”
Will be Great! 
Great working with you Maria! 
One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA & China closer together in so many other ways. Terrific working with President Xi a man who truly loves his country. Much more to come!
Heading back to Washington from @Davos  Switzerland. Very successful (for USA) trip!
“Not the Senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats. Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo.” @SteveScalise  @FoxNews
THANK YOU @WEF! 
They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time. Rigged!
Steyer is a major loser. Just doesn’t get it. This is second time with Bernie! 
Big story. Hope Fake News covers it! 
Their case was so “overwhelming” in the House that they need & demand Witnesses in the Senate! 
ENJOY! 
Will be interviewed at 5:00 A.M. Eastern by @JoeSquawk on @CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland. Enjoy!
Making great progress in @Davos. Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming or returning to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Wow! 
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Congratulations on your big @UFC WIN! 
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! 
“It’s about the Economy stupid” except when it comes to Trump. The fact is the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy and how incredible it is!
Everyone said it couldn’t be done. But for the first time in a generation there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to @WHNSC Ambassador Robert O’Brien and Ambassador @RichardGrenell! 
Representative Randy Weber (@TxRandy14) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning. Strong on Crime the Border Illegal Immigration the 2nd Amendment and our great Military & Vets! Randy has my Full Endorsement!
Representative John Carter (@JudgeJohnCarter) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime and Borders great for our Military and our Vets and Strong on our #2A. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime Strong on the Border & Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military & our Vets and protects our #2A. Roger has my Total & Complete Endorsement!
Heading to Davos Switzerland to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe by FAR!!
Excellent! 
Nancy can’t fix it. The Do Nothing Dems have done great harm to our Country! 
I will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected not even a little bit!
It was exactly three years ago today January 20 2017  that I was sworn into office. So appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY. African-American Unemployment is the LOWEST in the history of our Country by far. Also best Poverty Youth and Employment numbers ever. Great!
...And they say you can add 7% to 10% to all Trump numbers! Who knows? 
Two stone cold losers from Amazon WP. Almost every story is a made up lie just like corrupt pol Shifty Schiff who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine. Fiction! 
USA! USA! USA!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is now asking for “fairness” when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House. So what else is new?
They didn’t want John Bolton and others in the House. They were in too much of a rush. Now they want them all in the Senate. Not supposed to be that way!
The Democrat Party in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd Amendment rights. This is just the beginning. Don’t let it happen VOTE REPUBLICAN in 2020!
A great show! Check it out tonight at 9pm. @FoxNews 
“In the House the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. This is a corrupt process?” Mark Levin @marklevinshow “Very much so!” @RepDougCollins @FoxNews
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Texas tonight where the people are known for being tough strong hardworking loyal and fiercely patriotic — just like America’s incredible Farmers! #AFBF2020 
Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun and knew how to use it. Jack quickly killed the shooter who was beginning a rampage. Mini is against the 2nd A. His ads are Fake just like him!
I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now. Thank you!
I will be going to Austin Texas. Leaving soon. Always like (love!) being in the Lone Star State. Speaking to our great Farmers. They hit “paydirt” with our incredible new Trade Deals: CHINA JAPAN MEXICO CANADA SOUTH KOREA and many others!
“Nancy Pelosi said it’s not a question of proof it’s a question of allegations! Oh really?”  @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews  What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes a newspaper that was going broke until I came along you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day 2016. Sorry those are the FACTS.....
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes a newspaper that was going broke until I came along you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day 2016. Sorry those are the FACTS....
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes a newspaper that was going broke until I came along you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day 2016. Sorry those are the FACTS....
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall built around New York to protect it from rare storms is a costly foolish & environmentally unfriendly idea that when needed probably won’t work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry you’ll just have to get your mops & buckets ready!
Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters has already proven to be inaccurately reported to their great embarrassment all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country at a record clip. Thank you!
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie just like last time. Some things never change!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party A Record. Thank You!
“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
“Day after day really good news on the economy. By the way this didn’t just happen by accident it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously the Tax Cut and now we have these two BIG trade deals.” @StephenMoore  Great future growth!
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December 16.9% biggest in many years!
A great day at the White House for our National Champions the LSU Tigers! 
CONGRATULATIONS! #GeauxTigers 
The noble people of Iran—who love America—deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect. Instead of leading Iran toward ruin its leaders should abandon terror and Make Iran Great Again! 
Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vote for Democrats they will take your guns away. Republicans will win Virginia in 2020. Thank you Dems!
The so-called “Supreme Leader” of Iran who has not been so Supreme lately had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe. Their economy is crashing and their people are suffering. He should be very careful with his words!
Words of wisdom. Thank you Ted! 
Heading to Florida for big Republican Party event. New Stock Market Record. Jobs in USA at all-time high!
....Joe Biden and Bernie is shut out again. Very unfair but that’s the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway it’s a lot of fun to watch!
They are rigging the election again against Bernie Sanders just like last time only even more obviously. They are bringing him out of so important Iowa in order that as a Senator he sit through the Impeachment Hoax Trial. Crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy...
Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers the National Champions. Great Coach great Team great School. Very exciting!
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game. Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA including the greatest economy in history rebuilding our military biggest ever tax & regulation cuts & 2nd A!
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn’t get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesn’t want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker. If he did he would go down in the polls even more (if that is possible!).
“There is no crime here. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke. This whole thing should be dismissed.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
“Years from now when we look back at this day nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
....for the foreign policies of the President.” @AlanDersh Alan Dershowitz @seanhannity @FoxNews  They do what the House asks. The Swamp!
“The GOA got it exactly backwards. Here’s what they said. The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law. It’s exactly the opposite. The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities....
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! #KeepAmericaGreat2020 
See you tomorrow! #CHAMPS 
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL!
Amazon Calls 'Profiles in Corruption' the 'Most Anticipated' Nonfiction Book  via @BreitbartNews
This is a total disgrace but just another reason that I’m going to win Michigan again! 
Looking at this strongly! 
The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
“There is no crime here. I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. I wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke.” Laura Ingraham @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is  unbelievable which it is but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. That’s politics but so bad for our great Country!
One of the greatest trade deals ever made! Also good for China and our long term relationship. 250 Billion Dollars will be coming back to our Country and we are now in a great position for a Phase Two start. There has never been anything like this in U.S. history! USMCA NEXT!
 
Here we go again another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House not the Senate!
I agree with him on this 100%. But why would anyone vote Democrat? We are setting all time records with the economy! 
Now up to 187 Federal Judges and two great new Supreme Court Justices. We are in major record territory. Hope EVERYONE is happy! 
Steyer is running low on cash. Nobody knows him. Made his money on coal. So funny! 
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom @BorisJohnson stated “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal.” I agree!
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background & from every race religion color & creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness & justice equality & dignity opportunity & safety. We are a big tent & a big party w/ BIG IDEAS for the future! 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #TrumpMilwaukeeRally 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
Thank you Milwaukee Wisconsin! #KAG2020 #MAGA 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate.” True but why didn’t Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff give us a fair trial in the House. It was the most lopsided & unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress!
We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers drug dealers  and other violent criminal elements. They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country NOW! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
On my way to Milwaukee Wisconsin for a #TrumpRally. Look forward to see you all soon! 
Thank you! 
Thank you to Rick Scott. This Impeachment Hoax is an outrage! 
I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions. I am honored to have terminated the very unfair costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
“We demand fairness” shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats yet the Dems in the House wouldn’t let us have 1 witness no lawyers or even ask questions. It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress!
Really Big Breaking News (Kidding): Booker who was in zero polling territory just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race. Now I can rest easy tonight. I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not & was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES. but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
Wow! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on or in any way denigrate our Great American Flag. It was put on the street in order for them to trample it and they walked around it instead. Big progress!
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do whether it’s the economy military or anything else will be scorned by the Rafical Left Do Nothing Democrats!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “eminent” or not & was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES. but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past!
Bernie Sander’s volunteers are trashing Elizabeth “Pocahontus” Warren. Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. Mini Mike B is also trying but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie. Do I see a feud brewing?
....and if Republicans win in court and take back the House of Represenatives your healthcare that I have now brought to the best place in many years will become the best ever by far. I will always protect your Pre-Existing Conditions the Dems will not!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of money on False Advertising. I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your Healthcare you have it now while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive unfair and very unpopular Individual  Mandate.....
National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions & protests have Iran “choked off” will force them to negotiate. Actually I couldn’t care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters.”
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence no crime read the transcripts “no pressure”  Impeachment Hoax rather than an outright dismissal it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. I agree!
Wow! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party. So what does this all mean? Stay tuned!
You can’t make this up!  David Kris a highly controversial former DOJ official was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBI’s surveillance procedures. Zero credibility. THE SWAMP! @DevinNunes  @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews
....the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name prove that his office is indeed incompetent.” @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews The ICIG never wanted proof!
House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. “The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen from the Russia Hoax to...
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A totally partisan Hoax never happened before. House Republicans voted 195-0 with three Dems voting with the Republicans. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts! Hose Republicans voted 195-0 plus we got three Dems. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness and so should she!
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a partisan vote. Zero Republicans. Never happened before! 
“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her Articles are so weak. But more importantly she thought she could extort the Senate. She couldn’t.” @GreggJarrett @foxandfriends The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left. Too bad!
....and then helped to fund them...And zero progress was made on curbing those activities until Trump droned Soleimani...Plainly Trump is not a warmonger. He’s a deal maker & his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent unleashes it with....
....discretion and only as a last resort.” Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin. Could not have said it better myself!
Michael Goodwin New York Post: “Trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what America needs. His (John Kerry) claim bears no relation to reality. The Agreement didn’t create opportunities for America & other signatories to confront Iran’s malign activities. It overlooked....
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage! @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth
George @GStephanopoulos ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President & read his false words to Congress and the world as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair & biased in history?
To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you and the World is watching. More importantly the USA is watching. Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people!
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on another big win. She is a great player and an even greater person. Our members in Virginia (Tennis) will never forget you! 
Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
Thank you Rudy! @JudgeJeanine 
I hope the House and Senate Democrats in particular watch this. It is a classic. Thank you to @JudgeJeanine Pirro! 
The government of Iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the Iranian people. There can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters nor an internet shutdown. The world is watching.
To the brave long-suffering people of Iran: I've stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency and my Administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your protests closely and are inspired by your courage.
The powerful Trump Wall is replacing porous useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border Patrol. Illegal crossing are dropping as more and more Wall is being completed! #BuildingTheWall 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a record. 53% Approval Rating overall (can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the Trump “thing?”). Thank you!
Now the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats are asking @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do. They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House despite the most unfair & biased hearings in the history of Congress. Now they demand fairness!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in U.S. history!
New polling shows that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is going nowhere. A vast majority want the Do Nothing Democrats to move on to other things now!
Where have the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? He was also looking to do big future damage! Dems are “unhinged.”
“FBI Director apologizes for FISA Errors (of which there were far to many to be a coincidence!).” @FoxNews Chris what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called “errors?” Are these “dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed?
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura @IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in U.S. History! 
I love constantly proving them wrong. It’s easy! 
“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this (Economy).” @Varneyco @foxandfriends
“11000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business.” @Varneyco @FoxNews  The best is yet to come!
We will get this done for our great Miners! 
Thank you Mike! 
I agree. Jovita will do a great job! 
Great interview this morning by @foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
Wow! Thank you Greg. Hope I live up to your expectations. 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #KAG2020 
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation. We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 
Under my administration we will NEVER make excuses for America’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending American lives – and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism! 
THANK YOU TOLEDO OHIO!
Heading to Toledo Ohio for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Smart analysis I fully agree! 
Thank you! 
Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! #LESM 
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING? 70% 80% 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
U.S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70% 80% 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
Breaking News: The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision & gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall Four Billion Dollars. Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s War Powers Resolution. Also remember her “speed & rush” in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on & done. Well she never sent the Articles to the Senate. Just another Democrat fraud. Presidential Harassment!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Thank you Elise! 
Pelosi doesn’t want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place because after all of these years of investigations and persecution they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
Great! 
WINRED! 
See you later! 
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties & damages taking place now. So far so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
Had a very good meeting with @kbsalsaud of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade Military Oil Prices Security and Stability in the Middle East!
Great interview with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy on @foxandfriends. “There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case.”
We love Australia! 
Amazing analysis & reporting! 
....If however the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility and politely asks for help from the Federal Government we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again!
The homeless situation in Los Angeles San Francisco and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem not a federal problem....
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
Congress & the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote & we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind!
The Impeachment Hoax just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election must end quickly. Read the Transcripts see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!
“The reason they are not sending the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic.” @LindseyGrahamSC @MariaBartiromo  The great Scam continues. To be spending time on this political Hoax at this moment in our history when I am so busy is sad!
These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or target the United States will quickly & fully strike back & perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is not required but is given nevertheless!
The United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment. We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World! If Iran attacks an American Base or any American we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way...and without hesitation!
They attacked us & we hit back. If they attack again which I would strongly advise them not to do we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before! 
....hundreds of Iranian protesters. He was already attacking our Embassy and preparing for additional hits in other locations. Iran has been nothing but problems for many years. Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans or American assets we have.....
....targeted 52 Iranian sites (representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago) some at a very high level & important to Iran &  the Iranian culture and those targets and Iran itself WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD. The USA wants no more threats!
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American & badly wounded many others not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime including recently....
As hard as I work & as successful as our Country has become with our Economy our Military & everything else it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time & money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....different places that he thought were wasteful and the career staff as they always do pushed back and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back & forth over the legal arguments & the W.H. decision was....
....followed and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
Christopher Bedford The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before which is that the White House & political figures wanted to cut off aid Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
....followed and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
Christopher Bedford The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before which is that the White House & political figures wanted to cut off aid Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
....different places that he thought were wasteful and the career staff as they always do pushed back and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back & forth over the legal arguments & the W.H. decision was....q
This is a great book a must read! 
....and more control over Iraq and the people of Iraq are not happy with that. It will never end well!
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated & controlled by Iran but ultimately that is their choice. Over the last 15 years Iran has gained more....
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time and was plotting to kill many more...but got caught! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people including the recent large number....
....of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself. While Iran will never be able to properly admit it Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. He should have been taken out many years ago!
Iran never won a war but never lost a negotiation!
....had happened to a Presidential candidate or President who was a Democrat everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason (and more) and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY far bigger and more sinister than Watergate!
A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty (Filthy) Cops politicians government officials and an investigation that was illegally started & that SPIED on my campaign. The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly but still going on (Ukraine Hoax!). If this....
....it’s alienating independents. This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another and that really plays to his base.” @FoxNews  @cvpayne  Their partisan Witch Hunt is hurting our Country do badly & only bringing more division than ever!
Sohrab Ahmari New York Post “The Trump Campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment (Scam) vote. It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal &...
They don’t know how to do that! 
Great job! 
Can’t believe @ATT keeps the management after yet another @CNN ratings dive. Nobody watching NO CREDIBILITY! Maybe they should make changes at AT&T? 
Too bad Corey would have won! He (and I) loves New Hampshire. 
Best equipment & finest military in the World. On site quickly! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Our fantastic First Lady! 
Thank you Steve. The greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history! 
Thank you to the @dcexaminer Washington Examiner. The list is growing every day! 
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades and failed! 
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask! 
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy (Iraq) vs. the Benghazi disaster! 
Get this straightened out Governor @GavinNewsom 
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask!  @parisac 
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy (Iraq) vs. the Bengahzi disaster! 
I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats! 
The Fake News said I played golf today and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations while closely monitoring the U.S. Embassy situation in Iraq which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but not surprisingly failed to report or correct!
The Anti-Benghazi!
Just for a little change of pace! 
The Anti-Bengahzi!
....Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost or damage incurred at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
The U.S. Embassy in Iraq is & has been for hours SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters together with the most lethal military equipment in the world was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President & Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request....
“This guy (Peter Strzok) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” Rachel Campos-Duffy  @FoxNews  And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
...on 51 votes which is procedural. You don’t need two thirds.”  Brad Blakeman @FoxNews  A great lawyer & person. Thank you Brad!
“It’s my opinion as a lawyer that the Articles of Impeachment are defective on their face which means I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial. I don’t think there should be a trial. I think it should be dismissed....
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didn’t get one Republican House vote and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate. She’s all lies. Most overrated person I know!
Read the Transcripts!
Very good meeting on the Middle East the Military and Trade. Heading back to The Southern White House (Mar-a-Lago!). Updates throughout the day.
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran this is your time!
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects with many lives being saved. Great & important coordination!
Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed and highly proficient in using their weapon the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!
Iran killed an American contractor wounding many. We strongly responded and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy and so notified!
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter & possibly Joe were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
He is Fake News will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings he’d be out! 
Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on @foxandfriends.
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey New York on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight confront and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax! 
Any answers Nancy? 
Tremendous Spirit! 
Thank you Joe. So good for our workers! 
Thank you Juliet! 
A Dirty Cop at the highest level. Scum! 
Thank you Adriana! 
So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart. All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should. Governor Cuomo has lost control and lost his mind. Very bad for the homeless and all!
I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure. His voice is far bigger than theirs!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax! 
California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors can’t handle the situation which they should be able to do very easily they must call and “politely” ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!
The Wall is funded & being built! 
Now that wasn’t very nice was it? 
Nancy this just doesn’t seem right! 
Our great First Lady. She really cares! 
Congresswoman Lesko a great American! 
A true Democrat Party leader! 
What kind of an animal is this? 
Hillary should give it another try but this time don’t forget Wisconsin Pennsylvania Michigan North Carolina & others! 
Thank you! 
Come on Crazy Nancy do it! 
He made same prediction in 2016. Nobody ever said Michael was stupid! 
Wow Crazy Nancy what’s going on? This is big stuff! 
@OANN is doing incredible reporting. If Lamestream Media did the same they would get respect back. At All-Time Low! 
Thanks Kayleigh! 
“Dow closes at another All-Time High!” @cvpayne @FoxBusiness
So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from @senatemajldr McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress!
....and native culture – S.216/Spokane Tribe S.256/Native Languages and NDAA Sec. 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. My great honor to do so!
“Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past U.S. presidents” @CNBC  With new trade deals and more THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Speaker Pelosi and Chuck Schumer’s drive to try and rig the trial against the President is misplaced. There is no factual basis for the Articles of Impeachment that passed the House. This President will be exonerated.” William McGinley  @foxandfriends
Thank you Kristy have a great year! 
Academy Award winning actor (and great guy!) @jonvoight is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ (one of the best ever boxing movies) & many others Jon delivers BIG. Also LOVES THE USA!
“Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate.” @replouiegohmert @HeyTammyBruce @FoxNews  It’s all part of the Impeachment Hoax!
“Pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat’s impeachment case.” @GreggJarrett @FoxNews
Thank you Ritchie! 
The movie will never be the same! (just kidding) 
I guess Justin T doesn’t much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade! 
California leads the nation by far in both the number of homeless people and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats. Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!
“Nancy Pelosi is trying to usurp the Constitutional role of the Senate. The longer this goes on the more petty partisan & political it all looks.” @KarlRove @FoxNews Just more of the same from the Do Nothing Dems. Nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her D!
“Nasdaq Hits 9000 for First Time Ever” 
“Trump stock market rally is far outpacing past US presidents” 
Russia Syria and Iran are killing or on their way to killing thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats & their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!
Russia Syria and Iran are killing or on their way to killing thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
“Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate. Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House and she has no standing in the Senate.” Brad Blakeman. Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy dirty District & help the homeless there. A primary for N?
Nancy Pelosi’s District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U.S. when it come to the homeless & crime. It has gotten so bad so fast - she has lost total control and along with her equally incompetent governor Gavin Newsom it is a very sad sight!
Brad Blakeman “I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective they don’t meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss. At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.”
The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because “President Trump is a threat to National Security” (they are vicious will say anything!) but now they don’t want to go fast anymore they want to go very slowly. Liars!
“Look the House is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents BEFORE they send the articles over to the Senate not to call in new witnesses go through new documents - that work is supposed to be done in the House.” @KatiePavlich @foxandfriends
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi just because she has a slight majority in the House be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes there was no crime the call with Ukraine was perfect with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipartisan...
...& overwhelming” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also very unfair with no Due Process proper representation or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
...& overwhelming” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also very unfair with no Due Process proper representation or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
....& overwhelming” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also very unfair with no Due Process proper representation or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi just because she has a slight majority in the House be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes there was no crime the call with Ukraine was perfect with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipartisan....
Wow. It’s all a giant SCAM! 
Thank you Tammy. You are doing a GREAT job! 
Governor Gavin N has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in California. If he can’t fix the problem the Federal Govt. will get involved! 
2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3.4% FROM LAST YEAR THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN U.S. HISTORY. CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices. We are shattering every record! Read all about this in “The Long Game” a great new book by @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Amazing story!
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve  something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
....the American public’s tone deafness - & it should be intolerable because the American people have had it with this.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends  The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
“The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp & simple was the key and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe which is absolutely unbelievable and shows they don’t care about....
“The Trump Administration Trump policies have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.” Griff Jenkins @foxandfriends
“Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.” @foxandfriends
....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to. @brithume @foxandfriends
Everything we’re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough  and are very very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. The only way to make this work is to..
“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.”  @AlanDersh
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally it’s wrong morally and it’s wrong politically.” @AlanDersh  @seanhannity  @dbongino l agree and so does the public!
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President especially since he has not done anything wrong!
NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!
I agree 100%! 
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate or let her default & lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi who has already lost the House & Speakership once & is about to lose it again is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate & Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate or let her default & lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi who has already lost the House & Speakership once & is about to lose it again is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Inpeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate & Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once she will do it again!
The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for & provided a Fake Dossier with phony information gotten from foreign sources pushed it to the corrupt media & Dirty Cops & have now been caught. They spied on my campaign then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate but bigger!
Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States Israel and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of Hanukkah. 
Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate but striped away all Due Process no lawyers or witnesses on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead their poll numbers are horrendous!
Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes ships missiles rockets and equipment of every kind and all made right here in the USA. Additionally we got Border Wall (being built) funding. Nice!
The great Democrat disgrace. But we are winning! 
Plus never did anything wrong. Read the Transcripts. A Democrat Hoax! 
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
Thank you Franklin! 
BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry (@MacTXPress) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year Mac! @HASCRepublicans
Proud of @JimInhofe’s tenacious Oklahoma spirit that got the NDAA done. Maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops & establishes SPACE FORCE which is 1st new branch since 1947 (Air Force). Another huge win for Jim’s legacy. To many more! @SASCMajority 
My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need. #RuralProsperity
Honored to finally put an end to the “Widow’s Tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health suicide prevention outreach and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!
A total Witch Hunt! 
Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE through private providers and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly and close to home.
“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.”  @IngrahamAngle
To Our Incredible Federal Workforce: 
To The Extraordinary Men and Women of the United States Military: 
We are getting MS-13 gang members and many other people that shouldn’t be here out of our Country! 
THANK YOU! #KAG2020 
Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren’t we Impeaching her?
Economy is GREAT Big Stock Market uptick today. Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN! 
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil @JairBolsonaro. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
Congressman Kevin Brady (@bradyfortexas) is an outstanding representative for our Country and the Great State of Texas. A big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda....
....Kevin is strong on Securing the Border #USMCA protecting our #2A and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
The Democrat Party’s Witch Hunt and CRAZY EXTREME policies are chasing common sense people out of the Dem Party. That’s why Jeff Van Drew (@CongressmanJVD) voted NO on the Impeachment Hoax. Jeff will be joining our growing Republican Party....
....and has my FULL Endorsement. This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey. South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew. The Dems are already coming after him so help Jeff win. 
Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father the late great Billy Graham voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together! 
I guess the magazine “Christianity Today” is looking for Elizabeth Warren Bernie Sanders or those of the socialist/communist bent to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals or religion itself!
Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product & more. Formal signing being arranged. Also talked about North Korea where we are working with China & Hong Kong (progress!).
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave gives our troops a raise importantly creates the SPACE FORCE SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans raises smoking age to 21! BIG!
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave gives our troops a raise importantly creates the SPACE FORCE SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans raises smocking age to 21! BIG
....have a Radical Left nonbeliever who wants to take your religion & your guns than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community and it’s not even close. You’ll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I won’t be reading ET again!
A far left magazine or very “progressive” as some would call it which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years Christianity Today knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.....
Thank you Bill. So true! 
“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.” @IngrahamAngle
#MAGA 
“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou!
“This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It’s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.” Ben Domenech
The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath nor do they want the Whistleblower the missing second Whistleblower the informer the Bidens to testify!
The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united!  The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House no lawyers no witnesses no nothing they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually they have zero proof of anything they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
The great USMCA Trade Deal (Mexico & Canada) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months she doesn’t even know what it says & today after passing by a wide margin in the House Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
“Jesse (Watters) this is the best year any President has ever had plus we get an impeachment.” @greggutfeld The Five @FoxNews
Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!
Thank you Rena! 
Thank you Terrence! 
Thank you Anne! 
Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country! 
This is what the Dems are dealing with. Does anyone think this is good for the USA! 
I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles & not deliver them to the Senate but it’s Senate’s call!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide in their great wisdom not to show up they would lose by Default!
I got Impeached last might without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles & not deliver them to the Senate but it’s Senate’s call!
100% Republican Vote. That’s what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!
THANK YOU! #KAG 
Thank you Michigan I am on my way. See everybody soon! #KAG 
....won’t convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place. If this is the new standard every President from here on out is impeachable.”  Andy McCarthy @FoxNews  So well stated. Thank you!
In the end here nothing happened. We don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office. I believe that a President can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate..
“The evidence has to be overwhelming and it is not. It’s not even close.” Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel
Will go down in history as worst Speaker. Already thrown out once! 
Thank you! 
“Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country. The more people learn about impeachment the less people want impeachment.” @TuckerCarlson
“This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo not on the facts. Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure!” @RepMarkMeadows
Thank you! 
Thank you! 
Sean P is a much stronger candidate! 
Sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. Has my total and complete endorsement! 
....out and he’s been amazing at it. The Democrsts have no message they have no hope for 2020.” @RepDougCollins @foxandfriends  Thank you Doug!
....said “I’m going to clean up Washington I’m going to help people.” He gave big tax cuts he’s made our military strong. They’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. History will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever.....
....had while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought for himself & for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs & trade policies. That’s what makes this President stand..
“It’s sad. Here’s a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. All they wanted to do is impeach him. They started the day after he was elected even the day after he was sworn in.  But this President came to Washington and....
“They just wanted to get at the President. They had no intention of having a proper investigation. They couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress which every administration from the beginning has done.” @RepDougCollins @foxandfriends
Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!
.@foxandfriends  “My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again.” @kilmeade  Well said Brian!
.@marcthiessen  “Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts?”
So if Comey & the top people in the FBI were dirty cops and cheated on the FISA Court wouldn’t all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? They went after me with the Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary & the DNC which they illegally presented to FISA...
....They want to Impeach me (I’m not worried!) and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful (Economy Plus) President of the United States who has done nothing wrong? These people are Crazy!
Good marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today. She is the worst! No wonder with people like her and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer D.C. has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who (and now we know for sure) SPIED on my campaign.
Democrat “leadership” despite their denials are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment. If they vote yes it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020!
Wow! “In a stunning rebuke of the FBI the FISA court severly chastised the FBI for the FISA abuses brought to light in the recent Inspector General’s Report. There were at least 17 significant errors.” @FoxNews Statement by the Court was long and tough. Means my case was a SCAM!
Senator Dan Sullivan is doing a great job for the people of Alaska while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He fights hard everyday to support our Veterans and the Military. Dan is Strong on the #2A and is 100% pro-jobs. I give Dan Sullivan my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@Buddy_Carter is a BUSINESSMAN first. He takes care of our Vets and Troops and is leading the fight to SLASH drug prices! Buddy's 100% pro-Wall & 100% pro-jobs. He will KEEP AMERICA GREAT and has my total Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @Denver4VA Riggleman is a true CONSERVATIVE leader who has done a great job for Virginia and will support our #MAGA Agenda. He defends our right to bear arms protect our Borders & help small businesses. Denver has my Total Endorsement!
Congressman @MarkwayneMullin is a big time #MAGA supporter! Markwayne has fought hard for Oklahoma Veterans and Military he loves our Farmers and he’s Strong on Border Security. I give Markwayne my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We support @JeanineAnez in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar. The U.S. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!
Senator Josh Hawley (R-Mo) “They (the Dems) don’t have anything. This whole thing is a joke and it’s time to get the President exonerated. The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense. There’s nothing there and they didn’t even charge a crime. They’ve had their.....
....chance they’ve had their kangaroo court they’ve had their circus for weeks and months. There just isn’t anything there and there’s no way I’m voting for Impeachment for somebody who hasn’t committed any impeachable offenses.” @IngrahamAngle
Would be sooo great if the Fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. The Dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation. This is the time to do it. Exports would zoom!
The new USA Today Poll just out has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. That’s hard to believe since the Fake News & 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts as phony as they are just never seem to end. The American people are smart. They see the great economy & everything else!
Impeachment Poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole Democrat Scam is all about!
.@FoxNews  “Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals defense spending and Space Force.” Thank you!
The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President and the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach me. Don’t worry I have done nothing wrong. Actually they have!
Congressman Jeff Van Drew is very popular in our great and very united Republican Party. It was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily Republican district as a Democrat. People like that are not easily replaceable!
New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning!
Wow! 
Thank you Devin. Great reflexes! 
Thank you CC! 
....to me and there are many options including doing them directly & avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R’s)!
....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters & Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President the debates are up...
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else including debating that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party and all it stands for as difficult as possible!
“The American people see through it.” 
....energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the Wall going up China confronted the caliphate defeated NAFTA renegotiated our military rebuilt NATO paying more regulations costing less.......and much more. This is why they’re....
....impeaching him. They hate the fact above all that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT but even more so. In the U.S. while all of this has been going on the Impeachment the obstruction the resistance President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises but a record which adds up to one.....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days incredible jobs numbers giant trade deals help for working families and much more. Over the last 3 years unemployment falling earnings rising criminal justice reform the heartland revived....
....energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the Wall going up China confronted the caliphate defeated NAFTA renegotiated our militsry rebuilt NATO paying more regulations costing less.......and much more. This is why they’re....
....impeaching him. They hate the fact above all that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days incredible jobs numbers giant trade deals help for working families and much more. Over the last 3 years unemployment falling earnings rising criminal justice reform the heartland revived....
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT but even more so. In the U.S. while all of this has been going on the Impeachment the obstruction the resistance President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises but a record which adds up to one.....
Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television! 
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election
Because Nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth and she didn’t have time to think! 
Fake News! 
.@seanhannity who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M. @foxnews stated about the Impeachment Hoax “This is outrages lying corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”
Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95% a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the never ending 24 hour a day phony Witch Hunt that started 3 years ago!
The @foxnewPolls always inaccurate are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” @charliekirk11  Impeachment Hoax!
“There is no bribery or any crime at all alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.” @JudgeJeanine @RepMikeJohnson
So now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others Jim?
A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.” Then go on to talk about “Country” and “U.S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!  #MAGAKAG #2020
As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others and it is really bad remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed so obvious but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
Far from it! 
Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck! 
Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. @MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
Wow that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart! 
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right but unlike you they don’t have the “guts” to say so! 
I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy! 
Incredible young strong and brilliant people. Army/Navy! 
Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U.S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions! 
It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia Pennsylvania! @NavyFB @ArmyWP_Football @ArmyNavyGame 
Both Commiecast MSNBC & Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag & totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey & also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
Congratulations @NavyFB! 
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He & the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now without even seeing it he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
On my way to the #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia Pennsylvania! 
....trampled on our Constitution and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” @Jason_Meister
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts there’s no crime there’s no witness there’s no evidence there’s no victim President Zelensky said there was....
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and they got the call they got the meeting and they got the money. Unbelievably the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process they have....
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz Florida
....trampled on our Constitution and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” Jason Meister
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and they got the call they got the meeting and they got the money. Unbelievably the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process they have...
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts there’s no crime there’s no witness there’s no evidence there’s no victim President Zelensky said there was.......
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man @BrettKavanaugh was treated by the Democrats and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” @LouDobbs
It’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
“This whole process has been rigged from the start.”  @RepDLesko
.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product Energy and Manufactured Goods plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
Record Stock Market & Jobs!
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call) have created the best economy in the history of our Country rebuilt our Military fixed the V.A. (Choice!) cut Taxes & Regs protected your 2nd A created Jobs Jobs Jobs and soooo much more? Crazy!
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named BY FAR the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.” @marklevinshow
The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!
Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95% a Record. Thank you! #2020Election
The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case in fact the Dems have no case at all but the unity & sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors all of them was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E.U. Celebrate Boris!
“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.” @kilmeade  @FoxNews
Looking like a big win for Boris in the U.K.!
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” In other words she lied. This was the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats plan all along long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
@replouiegohmert  “This is so surreal. For three years this President has been harassed. He’s been electronically surveilled spied upon allegations have never ceased they continue and their continuing today. At some point you would think you would look at the abuse.....
.....by Congress by the Justice Department & FBI friends of the Democrats who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. At some point somebody should have said wait a minute this is out of control this train is off the tracks it’s time to get reasonable.”
.....What’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive.”
“I think it’s obvious to all the American public that this is a railroad job!” @JimPressOffice 
I also have constantly asked “Why aren’t Germany France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol’ United States?” The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats never mention this at their phony hearing!
Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call. I said I want you to do us (our Country!) a favor not me a favor. They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point! Very sad.
Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China. They want it and so do we!
Big!!! 
ANTIFA will not be going after Bryce or @ColbyCovMMA anytime soon. They much prefer people who can’t fight back! 
#ThrowbackThursday 
I agree! 
Dirty cops! 
Amazing! 
Very dishonest pols! 
True! 
Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!
Very sad! 
I will be there in two weeks The Southern White House! 
What a great evening! 
Thank you! 
A fantastic night in Pennsylvania! 
Great deal for USA! 
So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta Chill! 
No crime! 
It’s great to have a wonderful subject President Trump. Fake News like CNN & MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly they would do well. Have Zero credibility! 
“New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.” @foxandfriends  I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don’t even allege a crime. Crazy!
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  #MAGA
They spied on my campaign! 
They will never do it! 
The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases totally CORRUPT! 
“The Exclusive @Ami_Magazine Poll What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump” @JakeTurx  
Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops Rebuilding our Military Paid Parental Leave Border Security and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.” @SenTedCruz
They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles. 
After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do we are putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 
Day after day we are exposing the depravity dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment — and with your help we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP! #KAG2020 
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement ONE people ONE family and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! 
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade Iran North Korea INF Treaty Nuclear Arms Control and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future! 
On my way to Hershey Pennsylvania for a rally. See everyone soon. I love Hershey chocolate! 
Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City NJ. Our thoughts & prayers are w/ the victims & their families during this very difficult & tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local & state officials on the ground.
Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA not me!
Shifty Schiff a totally corrupt politician made up a horrible and fraudulent statement read it to Congress and said those words came from me. He got caught was very embarrassed yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He’ll eventually have to answer for this!
WITCH HUNT!
Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.” Ridiculous and he knows that is not true. Both the President & Foreign Minister of Ukraine said many times that there “WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this but refuse to acknowledge!
Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!
America’s great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers Manufacturers Energy Unions - tremendous support. Importantly we will finally end our Country’s worst Trade Deal NAFTA!
To Impeach a President who has proven through results including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history to have one of the most successful presidencies ever and most importantly who has done NOTHING wrong is sheer Political Madness! #2020Election
“I can’t remember anything quite like this (the I.G. Report).” @brithume @BretBaier
I don’t know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading but it sure wasn’t the one given to me. With that kind of attitude he will never be able to fix the FBI which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men & women working there!
“You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. It’s about as strong a medicine as I’ve seen in a report of this kind...
A great choice. Bill is a winner! 
Read the Transcripts!
True! 
The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace! 
The best Economy ever! 
Witch Hunt! 
The Real Deal! 
Witch Hunt! 
Let our great soldiers fight! 
AMERICA FIRST! 
“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.” @MariaBartiromo
“No president in American history has been treated like this.” @marklevinshow
.CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility! 
What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal! 
“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot The Wall Street Journal
.....American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi.” @DanHenninger  The Wall Street Journal
“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi by raising this to the level of Impeachment has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump the Russian collusion narrative the Mueller Report & now the.....
I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!
“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” @DebbieLesko @edhenry
The Wall is going up fast! 
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more and the U.S. less and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
Great! 
Don’t get why @FoxNews puts losers on like @RepSwalwell (who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting) Pramila Jayapal David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn’t let @FoxNews get near their bad ratings debates yet Fox panders. Pathetic!
....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House but it’s going to go to the Senate...
.@SenTedCruz  “The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime they can’t prove a law was violated and here’s why. Any president any administration is justified in investigating corruption and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....
....Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine getting paid $83000 a month 10 times as much as a board member of @exxonmobil.” Thank you Ted. He also  made a fortune from China and others but zero before his father became V.P. @MeetThePress
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax on Monday the No Due Process Do Nothing Democrats are believe it or not changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game change the rules!
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un has tremendous economic potential but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO China Russia Japan and the entire world is unified on this issue!
Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose everything actually if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere.... 
Congratulations to @TitoOrtiz on tonight’s huge WIN a Great American Patriot! 
@KimStrassel “Schiff’s surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power.”  To put it mildly. Also it is illegal!
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director Anthony Ornato will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service and congratulations to Tony!
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy but the polls especially in early states are showing that voters are tuning out.” @PeteHegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion then it was obstruction then it was Ukraine now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
Hard to believe but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada USMCA up for a vote long ago our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly it will collapse!
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones! 
Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift) returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See we can make a deal together! 
While the world is not doing well economically our Country is doing better perhaps than it has ever done before. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Read the Transcripts! Also see where I say “us” (our Country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money and if they don’t they create it. STOP!
Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants #USMCA and Growth not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you @BetsyDeVosED @SenAlexander and @SenatorTimScott for your leadership...
...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However at the request of a man who I like and respect and has worked so well with us President Andres Manuel @LopezObrador_ we....
....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
....The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola Florida....
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida and spoke to @GovRonDeSantis. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better if that is possible and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs Gangs and all other problems! #2020
@HeyTammyBruce “This seems personal. That it is deeply unfair that has not changed. This has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them who has had victory where they have not had victory and has exposed the problem with the Leftists.”
“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers a blowout.” @MariaBartiromo
@jimcramer “This is the best number I’ve ever seen in my life.”
Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone Dow up 18.65% S&P up 24.36% Nasdaq Composite up 29.17%. “It’s the economy stupid.”
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “sources say” stories. Do not believe them!
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
The story today that we are sending 12000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or to put it more accurately Fake News!
Republican Approval Rating = 95%. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she “prays for the President.” I don’t believe her not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
The Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the Ukrainian President....
....This will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of Impeachment will be used routinely to attack future Presidents. That is not what our Founders had in mind. The good thing is that the Republicans have NEVER been more united. We will win!
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them they have gone crazy. Therefore I say if you are going to impeach me do it now fast so we can have a fair....
.....trial in the Senate and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff the Bidens Pelosi and many more testify and will reveal for the first time how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to “Clean the Swamp” and that’s what I am doing!
Tremendous things achieved for U.S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U.S. increase other countries have already increased by $130 Billion-with $400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!
When I said in my phone call to the President of Ukraine “I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it.” With the word “us” I am referring to the United States our Country. I then went on to say that......
....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This based on what I have seen is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column in the New York Times EVER (although she treated me great before politics) but it was written by her brother Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful talented and very smart brother! 
.@NATO has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land air sea and SPACE!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more & $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S. only deep respect!
Thank you @NATO! #NATOLondon 
....When today’s meetings are over I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U.S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year and by 2024 that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before....
....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% GOALS followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom at @10DowningStreet last night. Talked about numerous subjects including @NATO and Trade.
Thank you! 
Too bad. We will miss you Kamala! 
The United States of America supports the brave people of Iran who are protesting for their FREEDOM. We have under the Trump Administration and always will!
True! 
Mini Mike Bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any Democrat but to go after President Trump only. The Failing New York Times thinks that is O.K. because their hatred & bias is so great they can’t even see straight. It’s not O.K.!
Just landed in the United Kingdom heading to London for NATO meetings tomorrow. Prior to landing I read the Republicans Report on the Impeachment Hoax. Great job! Radical Left has NO CASE. Read the Transcripts. Shouldn’t even be allowed. Can we go to Supreme Court to stop?
The Fed should lower rates (there is almost no inflation) and loosen making us competitive with other nations and manufacturing will SOAR! Dollar is very strong relative to others.
Manufacturers are being held back by the strong Dollar which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the Federal Reserve - Which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of Jay Powell!
Thank you to President Zelensky. Case over. The Do Nothing Democrats should finally go back to work! 
In the 3 decades before my election NATO spending declined by two-thirds and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations. Since I took office the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED and NATO spending increased by $130B!
Great job by @RepDougCollins of Georgia over the weekend in representing the Republican Party and myself against the Impeachment Hoax!
When Lisa Page the lover of Peter Strzok talks about being “crushed” and how innocent she is ask her to read Peter’s “Insurance Policy” text to her just in case Hillary loses. Also why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left Mueller. Where are they Lisa?
The Republican Party has NEVER been so united! This Impeachment Scam is just a continuation of the 3 year Witch Hunt but it is only bringing us even closer together!
Not only did I see it @Doks_Art I think it is fantastic. You are a wonderful artist never give up your dream! 
Thank you to Great Republican @SenJohnKennedy for the job he did in representing both the Republican Party and myself against Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd on Meet the Depressed!
Thank you to Congressman Ben @Cline4Virginia for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax. He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well. Also and as usual @RepAndyBiggsAZ was fantastic!
Heading to Europe to represent our Country and fight hard for the American People while the Do Nothing Democrats purposely scheduled an Impeachment Hoax hearing on the same date as NATO. Not nice! 
The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax (they will need them!) the Republicans get one. Oh that sounds fair!
“When the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers then we have totally upended the rule of law. Nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble. Our system of government is under attack.”  @GovMikeHuckabee
“The Democrats don’t have any evidence but they are still going to do it anyway. That’s the sham that’s going on here.”  @jasoninthehouse Chaffetz
Breaking News: The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls. If the Radical Left Democrats were sane which they are not it would be case over!
“The United States has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. I don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that.” Mohamed El-Erian Allianz Chief Economic Adviser. But despite this there is tremendous potential for growth far greater than most have understood!
“The American people are going to see this for what it is. It is a political effort by the Democrats and the President certainly doesn’t have to aid in the Impeachment effort.” Robert Ray @MariaBartiromo  Democrats are getting “killed” in their home districts. 2020!
“The process has been unfair. Republicans can’t even get their own witnesses. It gets me that Adam Schiff is not punishable for lying in any way.” @MariaBartiromo
U.S. Markets are up as much as 21% since the announcement of Tariffs on 3/1/2018 - and the U.S. is taking in massive amounts of money (and giving some to our farmers who have been targeted by China)!
Brazil and Argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our farmers. Therefore effective immediately I will restore the Tariffs on all Steel & Aluminum that is shipped into the U.S. from those countries. The Federal....
.....Reserve should likewise act so that countries of which there are many no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by further devaluing their currencies. This makes it very hard for our manufactures & farmers to fairly export their goods. Lower Rates & Loosen - Fed!
“It is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that Speaker Pelosi said for months was essential for Impeachment.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews
“Trump Economy Breaks Holiday Shopping Records.” @FoxNews
Great writer and historian Doug Wead has written a true (not Fake News) account of what is going on in Washington and the White House. His new book INSIDE TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Country’s history. Buy it!
“Donald Trump was framed back in 2016.” @MariaBartiromo  100% correct Maria and we can never let this happen to another president again!
On World AIDS Day The First Lady and I express our support for those living with HIV/AIDS and mourn the lives lost. We reaffirm our commitment to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic....
....in America community by community where we will eradicate AIDS in 10 years program already started. American leadership has proven that together we can save lives.
“Schiff’s impeachment hearings wasting time when Congress must do real work” 
“Trump did nothing impeachable day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows” @GreggJarrett 
“Sen. Tim Scott Says Trump 'Innocent' 'No Way' Senate Convicts” 
An incredible experience! 
Nancy Pelosi won’t put it up for a vote. Has delayed it for 6 months. See you in #2020! 
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
Robert Johnson knows business & politics. He also understands lowest African American Unemployment in U.S. history! 
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump? 
Thank you to @BuckMcNeely1 and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!
Just returned to the United States after spending a GREAT Thanksgiving with our Courageous American Warriors in Afghanistan! 
I thought Newsweek was out of business? 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
New Stock Market Record today AGAIN. Congratulations USA!
People now realize it is a Democrat Hoax! 
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA
THANK YOU FLORIDA! #KAG2020 
“OMB Official: Ukraine Aid Held Up Because Other Countries Weren't Giving” 
...love to have Mike Pompeo Rick Perry Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country & I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise I would....
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected....
When the Military rips down an old & badly broken Border Wall in an important location & replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel & Concrete Wall Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks! @FoxNews
I will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!
Great job Heather! 
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS & killed AlBaghdadi building Wall.” Jason Meister @FoxNews
“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngle
“DOW NASDAQ S&P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS” 
Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!
“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Support for Impeachment is dropping like a rock down into the 20’s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA and much more!
“President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” Sam Dewey
....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer’s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service & commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....
....honors that he has earned including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success I know Ken will do an outstanding job!
I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but despite this was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie’s rank. Likewise large cost overruns from past administration’s.....
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country and they don’t care!
The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP UP UP! Thank you Shifty.
This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written & reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News just like the @washingtonpost! 
Witch Hunt! 
But I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts (2)! 
100% Correct! 
Agnes your great boy Ronald is looking down very proud of you! 
Exclusive: Elise Stefanik Reflects on Her Two-Week Whirlwind 
The Unspoken Truth: What Impeachment Exposed About Trump and 2020 
This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats! 
Too bad we didn’t have the G-7 here. I offered to pick up the entire cost would have saved at least $35000000 for the USA. Best location. Very stupid people thought I would gain. Wrong! Looking at Camp David. Will announce soon. 
Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi Adam Schiff AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done hence the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA National Defense Authorization Act Gun Safety Prescription Drug Prices & Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!
Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 A.M. Have no fear all will end well for everyone!
Pushed hard to have Apple build in USA! 
95% Approval Rate in the Republican Party a record! Thank you!
Thank you Kevin for the nice words! 
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi & Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi & Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. “I want no Quid Pro Quo” Ambassador....
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....
Daniel Cameron who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
.....Brennan too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.” @IngrahamAngle  They spied on my campaign!
“The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
Daniel Cameron who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!
Joe Concha The Hill: “In Emerson College Poll Impeachment among independents 49% Oppose 34% Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on Opioid crisis drug prices USMCA the Border etc.
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect) to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” @jasoninthehouse @FoxNews
...While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years Americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table...
...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!
.@SecAzar and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS...
Thank you to @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party as there is right now!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. I know that there’s not much to talk about but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy! @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade
“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello here we go! @foxandfriends
Thank you @EliseStefanik and @SteveScalise GREAT JOB! 
MARK LEVIN ON IMPEACHMENT HYSTERIA! 
"SCHIFF'S CHARADE" @SeanHannity 
SCHIFF'S "FACT" WITNESSES! 
....They want ZERO transparency thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge but you cannot convict a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!
Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting & ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is and has been great. Never have I been watching a person making a call which was not on speakerphone and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried but to no avail. Try it live!
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”
“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems’ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.” Sam Dewey @FoxNews
.....But we are winning big and they will soon be on our turf.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough Republicans you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption & dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs Jobs Jobs!
Bob Mueller after spending two years and 45 million dollars went over all of my financials & my taxes and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....
The Republican Party and me had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax & yet when I got home to the White House & checked out the news coverage on much of television you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE & CORRUPT NEWS!
During my visit yesterday to Austin Texas for the startup of the new Mac Pro & the discussion of a new one $billion campus also in Texas I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money Technology Vision & Cook!l
Why do @ShannonBream & @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there not losers!
Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin .
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson  Despite this big win today for Republicans!
Watch @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews
 
If this were a prizefight they’d stop it!
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!
I WANT NOTHING! 
....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later Ambassador Sondland said that I told him “Good go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas & theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said”...
We join families of Kevin King & Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada after waiting for 6 months to be approved are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
“White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.” @WashTimes  This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. #2020
The three year Hoax continues! 
True. Great job @RepMikeTurner! 
Read the transcripts! 
Thank you Tennessee! 
Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars in my opinion tons of money tons of time tons of hurt fracturing the Nation apart. I haven’t seen this to be a good thing.”
A great day for Republicans a great day for our Country!
I agree but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction! 
NASDAQ UP 27% THIS YEAR ALONE!
Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate.” @FoxNews  In other words she thinks I’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green she wants to change our voting system. Wow she’s CRAZY!
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country! 
At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact our rates should be lower than all others (we are the U.S.). Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers & growth!
Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office. This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020! 
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA #KAG 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG 
“Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘fracturing the Nation’ with Impeachment probe. ‘We already know how it’s going to end.” @FoxNews
Just finished a very good & cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates negative interest low inflation easing Dollar strength & its effect on manufacturing trade with China E.U. & others etc.
Just finished a very good & cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates negative interest low inflation easing Dollar strength & its effect on manufacturing trade with China E.U. & others etc.
....that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong and don’t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax I like the idea & will in order to get Congress focused again strongly consider it!
Our Crazy Do Nothing (where’s USMCA infrastructure lower drug pricing & much more?) Speaker of the House Nervous Nancy Pelosi who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone (they & Fake News Media are her BOSS) suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION....
Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95% A.R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media & their partner the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi & Schiff but we are winning and we will win!
“All they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything.” @KatrinaPierson @SteveHiltonx  Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!
“The Impeachment started before he even became President.” @greggutfeld  @FoxNews
Where is the Fake Whistleblower?
Republicans & others must remember the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid and got the money with no conditions. But why isn’t Germany France (Europe) paying?
The Crazed Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country and not what the Founders had in mind!!!!
Tell Jennifer Williams whoever that is to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls & see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers who I don’t know & mostly never even heard of & work out a better presidential attack!
Paul Krugman of @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money. Paul just concede the game say I was right and lets start a brand new game! 
Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! 
.@SteveScalise blew the nasty & obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
.@SteveScalese blew the nasty & obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
Thanks Eric! 
Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one. People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having “missed” by soooo much. Paul match over! 
I agree Katrina Pam Bondi is a great woman! 
The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done!
Joe Ricketts one of our Country’s most successful businessmen including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs has just written a great new book THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!
A BIG difference! 
Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of “cash” compliments of China Tariffs prior to Thanksgiving. The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. In the meantime and as you may have noticed China is starting to buy big again. Japan deal DONE. Enjoy!
.@MariaBartiromo has a GREAT show going on right now 10:00 A.M. Fantastic guests talk about the Fake Impeachment!  @FoxNews
Mr. Chairman Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow but he is not a “rabid dog.” He is actually somewhat better than that but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly get the deal done. See you soon! 
Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party present or past. He’s just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News @ABC! 
A new Republican Star is born. Great going @EliseStefanik! 
Thank you Pete. Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. I would not have done this for Sgt. Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning! 
I agree Katrina Pam Bondi is a great womem! 
Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good (great!). Will complete next year.
Louisiana 3 hours left get out and Vote for @EddieRispone for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
True! 
Congratulations Kimberley. Great book! 
“I mean come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth @foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!
“Triggered” a great book by my son Don. Now number one on @NYTIMES LIST. Keep it there for a while!
....and Taylor dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump getting rid of those people dismissing them this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!” Rush L
“My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp well dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent..
Dow hits 28000 - FIRST TIME EVER HIGHEST EVER! Gee Pelosi & Schitt have a good idea “lets Impeach the President.” If something like that ever happened it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. It’s called a Depression not a Recession! So much for 401-K’s & Jobs!
LOUISIANA VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!
Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for @EddieRispone to be your next Gov! He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military & Vets. Will protect your 2A. Find your polling place below: 
#NewHoaxSameSwamp 
Big day in LOUISIANA tomorrow! Get out and VOTE to replace Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote #LAgov 
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG 
 
....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well what about Crooked Hillary Comey Strzok Page McCabe Brennan Clapper Shifty Schiff Ohr & Nellie Steele & all of the others including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?....
Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job jobs jobs!
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost) and also the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!
Another Record Stock Market 21 times this year despite an ongoing & totally unfounded Witch Hunt & a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice big juicy recession. In actuality the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!
....They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy much different than proceeding administrations. It is called quite simply America First! With all of that however I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. President’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.
......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA which has been sitting on her desk for months!
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi who should be home cleaning up the dangerous & disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco where even the......
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us and certainly did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden & his son Hunter Biden.....
This Saturday the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values your jobs and your freedom then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot: @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote 
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military & Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita California through our ongoing communications with Local State and Federal Authorities....
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower?
....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
....anywhere so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything...
.@DanHenninger  WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis & Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...
“That hearing was about a policy dispute.” Robert Ray. “Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.” @Varneyco
“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness
Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs (which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury). Inflation low (do you hear that Powell?)!
Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday the 20th time this year with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
.@RepRatcliffe asked the two “star” witnesses “where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face remained silent & were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
Wow! Was just told that my son’s book “Triggered” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
Thank you @FranklinGraham. It is a time of “shame” for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong! 
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
NEVER TRUMPERS!
....any laws or did anything wrong and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid and there was no quo. Ukraine got it’s money (3 weeks early) and there was no investigation.” @CharlesHurt @foxandfriends
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has Impeachment & they’ve turned it into a political cudgel which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..
“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
“Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends  Also why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me which would be a conflict?
....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There’s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
....to hurt Donald Trump and we the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Sean the amazing warrior!
“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt compromised coward & congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats & the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.” @LouDobbs
DACA recipients with arrest records: 53792! That is a very large proportion of the total. @LouDobbs  Not good but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats! 
Many of the people in DACA no longer very young are far from “angels.” Some are very tough hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
I will be releasing the transcript of the first and therefore more important phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!
.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though as President I have an “obligation” to look into corruption and Biden’s actions on tape about firing the prosecutor and his son’s taking millions of dollars with no knowledge or talent from a.....
....Ukrainian energy company and more millions taken from China and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses many of whom are Never Trumpers or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....
A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the quarterfinals - all the way with Sean! #MAGA #KAG 
“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” @BillOReilly So true and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves and must hate our Country!
....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!” @JesseBWatters @FoxNews
“The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th. 3 weeks before the deadline. So we give our ally aid and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?”  @greggutfeld @FoxNews
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first and therefore most important phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!
Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act! 
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
Today we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces – the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives! 
“The Chinese say (about Trump’s Trade War & Tariffs) ‘he brought us to the table.’ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” Jamie Dimon on @60Minutes  Thank you President Trump & the Republican Party!
Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me and read it to all!
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points he just misses every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way Mississippi won everything!
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry together with medical professionals and individual state representatives to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health & safety together with jobs will be a focus!
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!
 
 
A great new book just out “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out! 
If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson who has been missing in Iran for 12 years it would be a very positive step. At the same time upon information & belief Iran is & has been enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!
.@NikkiHaley is out with a new book “With All Due Respect” this week. Make sure you order your copy today or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki! 
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect but is not impeachable. No it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing like lowering drug costs & getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” @LindseyGrahamSC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt yet he will not allow a White House lawyer nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press! 
Make America Great Again! 
Such an amazing game & place! 
 
“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.” @JudgeJeanine
Such GREAT people! 
Great! 
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
Thank you Terrence! 
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you! 
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
Totally! 
A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing? 
Thank you Lee and David! 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! #MAGA #KAG2020
....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie) Shifty Adam Schiff Sleepy Joe Biden the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call) the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared) & the I.G. be part of the list!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party & me the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America! 
Bringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book. 
Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book “Triggered.” It is really good! He along with many of us was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back and we always win!
We will win big! 
True! 
Good luck Vince this will be great! 
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show perhaps The Apprentice after the presidency which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true never had such a conversation don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!
“Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff claims 'the law is on the president's side' on Ukraine” 
I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perform. Good luck! 
STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters Matt Zapotosky Josh Dawsey and Carol Leonnig wrote another Fake News story without any sources (pure fiction) about Bill Barr & myself. We both deny this story which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House as they interview Never Trumpers and others I get NO LAWYER & NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi Schiff Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy  A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case except against the other side!
Read the Transcript!
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened and there were no sources!
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!
Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Monroe Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat find your polling location below & go vote for your next #LAgov @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote 
....The LameStream Media which is The Enemy of the People is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
The story in the Amazon Washington Post of course picked up by Fake News CNN saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
Years ago when Media was legitimate people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore they just write whatever they want!
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday it’s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor @EddieRispone! #GeauxVotePOLL FINDER:  
A great evening last night in Kentucky and Mississippi for the Republican Party with 13 BIG WINS including a Governorship in Mississippi. Congratulations to everyone! 
Thanks to many of you here today my Administration and Republicans in Congress have now confirmed 157 FEDERAL JUDGES who will uphold our Constitution AS WRITTEN a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement! 
....Also talked about their Border with Syria the eradication of terrorism the ending of hostilities with the Kurds and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday November 13th at the @WhiteHouse!
Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt Ethiopia and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam one of the largest in the world currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day! 
Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME & HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!
Thank you to Kurt Volker U.S. Envoy to Ukraine who said in his Congressional Testimony just released “You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo et cetra. NONE because I didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.”  Witch Hunt!
“Based on the things I’ve seen the Democrats have no case or a weak case at best. I don’t think there are or will be well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! @foxandfriends
Based on the Kentucky results Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
Great going Tate! 
Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for @EddieRispone on Wednesday night. Big Rally!
A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers. 
Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
#ElectionNight  Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
Great going Daniel proud of you! 
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! 
KENTUCKY! #KYGov  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!Polls are open for a few more hours find your location below! 
Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida! 
KENTUCKY!  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI!  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket! #VoteOnNov5 #ElectionDay Find your polling location below!
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal. 
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &  Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals some hardened & bad onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining because of them city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE! 
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals some hardened and bad onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining because of them city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!
This is the time for Mexico with the help of the United States to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
....monsters the United States stands ready willing & able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels who were shooting at each other with the result being many great American people killed including young children and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriends
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin  One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can’t get anything done! 
Virginia with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you and with everything planned go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA 
THANK YOU Lexington Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before – and the BEST IS YET TO COME! 
Congratulations to the Washington @Nationals 2019 World Series Champions!  
My son @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
Read the Transcript!
Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job Gov @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday! 
....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
Many people say they know me claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc. when I don’t know these people at all. This happens I suppose to all who become President. With that being stated I don’t know to the best of my knowledge a man named Michael Esposito.....
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Whistleblower gave false information & dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!
Mark Levin a great lawyer and scholar said last night on his @marklevinshow that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
Great! But how do you know it was a “mistweet?” May be something with deep meaning! 
Louisiana get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate 13th District. He is strong on Crime the Border our Military Cutting Taxes and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns & raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
@marklevinshow Mark Levin: “We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call I don’t know what we need witnesses for? Can’t we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what I’m reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO.” So plain and simple!
Good point! 
We won’t Steve! 
Don’t miss this show! 
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo but it doesn’t matter there is nothing wrong with that it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so but read the transcript there is no quid pro quo!
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar leaker & freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
If Shifty Adam Schiff who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers & others that are & were interviewed he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday Vote Republican!
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes a strong Military Border & 2nd Amendment great healthcare and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners never reaches the Public.
The Democrats are Fixers and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up & manage the California forests which are always burning!
Fake News! 
The Angry Majority!
Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!
....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS SPIES AND LIES....
“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.” @OANN
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!) please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night VOTE TUESDAY!!!
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA & KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally...
Great fight Champ! 
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but being an arm of the Democrat Party don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
....putting these massive and many fires out. Great firefighters! Also open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don’t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water and you can have it now!
The Governor of California @GavinNewsom has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses the environmentalists DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....
..Every year as the fire’s rage & California burns it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....
Didn’t he pick the Whistleblower? 
A giant Scam! 
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! 
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard & done a GREAT job Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday! 
A great new book by Howie Carr “What Really Happened How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
Oh no Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
....our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
I love New York but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo) or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams) a reason some don’t want to be...
....in New York and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack & drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes & creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty & unsafe again as....
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected even with water dumped on them because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack & drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes & creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty & unsafe again as
I love New York but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo) or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams) a reason some don’t want to be...
Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities High Taxes and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
Louisiana I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts! @EddieRispone
....@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians Pelosi and Schiff are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen we will take back the House!
“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis former prosecutor...
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw  Much more!
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIB
Wow a blowout JOBS number just out adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike 303000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
“This is the biggest most disgusting scandal and it’s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process our tax dollars the House of Representatives to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!
“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” @RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!
Thanks Lee! 
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty. 
A great place! 
Thank you! 
....this decision but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue the White House is the place I have come to love and will stay for hopefully another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN but my family and I will be making Palm Beach Florida our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York and the people of.....
....New York and always will but unfortunately despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city state and local taxes each year I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad! 
While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People and continue the Impeachment Scam my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS as seen over the past month below! 
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!
....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany Japan and all others. We are now by far the biggest and strongest Country but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning too fast too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar & Rates are hurting...
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement about 60% of total deal after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
Congratulations to @FoxNews you left @CNN & @MSNBC in the dust (that’s because the don’t tell the truth!). 
Thank you Matt. 
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed allowing a long drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
.....to any President of either party again. Laura @IngrahamAngle
“Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime but there is not-not in the transcripts and not in the secret witness testimony that.....
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet don’t you think? This farce should....
Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation but the “live” version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week! 
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA! 
"The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning." @senatemajldr 
Thank you @GLFOP! 
“Adam Schiff’s drive to impeach Trump based on opinions deception and illusions – Not facts” @GreggJarrett 
We will be having a big rally for Governor @MattBevin on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today! 
Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor @EddieRispone on Saturday November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military Vets Second Amendment and Energy....
....Your current Governor John Bel Edwards has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!
AMERICAN HERO! 
Thank you @GM @FiatChrysler_NA @Toyota and @GloblAutomkrs for standing with us for Better Cheaper Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem! 
My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy Jobs and protecting...
...our Military 2nd Amendment Energy and so many other things that the Democrats don’t care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!
....the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.”  @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell.  The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020 we need a big beautiful WIN (all three)! #MAGA
“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS & other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......
“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking tomorrow right here in the Senate they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
The Greatest Economy in American History!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....
.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans go with Substance and close it out!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish led by a corrupt politician Adam Schiff!
“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish led by a corrupt politician Adam Schiff!
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
A great new book just out “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a record. Thank you!
Supposedly according to the Corrupt Media the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?) which was fine with me but why so many?
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever the monumental weekend raid Tax Cuts the Rebuilding of our Military etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
A great book by a great guy. Get it now! 
Correct a total scam! 
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE. 
“This is a big win for America and also for President Trump.” @nypost
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached and worse!
“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” @IngrahamAngle  100% correct and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto  Don’t worry J.J. Schiff is a leaker & corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party & me!
Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff the biggest leaker in D.C. and a corrupt politician is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
So nice thank you! 
We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi! 
An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger! @TigerWoods 
THANK YOU #IACP2019! 
The S&P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs 401-K’s and frankly EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!
Thank you to @MarthaRaddatz and @TerryMoran for a job well done! 
As Diwali commences @FLOTUS Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! #HappyDiwali 
Something very big has just happened!
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military....
....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor @MattBevin!
MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is Strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities High Taxes and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
Where’s the Whistleblower?
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories with zero sources that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side including Schiff and his made up story that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at . #TakeBackDay 
....
Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award at the same event for being able to produce & sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation which will..
....greatly help the African American community (and all other communities) and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary & environmental orders causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion not one person.” @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard & Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK) and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....
..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence & information as are Clapper & Brennan & all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.”(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!
...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
“General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW October 26th from 10am-2pm at . #TakeBackDay 
 
 
Great Book! 
Wow! 
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either) which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call and the Whistleblowers account of that call which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it which will be proven once again on November 3 2020!
I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and their Great Senate Republican colleagues on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry behind closed doors....
It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award thank you! 
Thank you @robertjeffress! 
Heading to South Carolina! 
“Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at & to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President not a formal Impeachment inquiry.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....
....USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places then....
....COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal I simply say THE OIL AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME ISIS SECURED!
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President registering ZERO in the polls & unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers just talk!
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was along with 0% Tim Ryan 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both and nothing to show. They stood for nothing and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
Where is the Whistleblower and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough smart and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even ideally stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise and way too slow to cut!
Don’t hurt them please! 
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing! 
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt! 
(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium from Colorado & Kansas getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
 
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! #SHALEINSIGHT2019 
It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories light up our homes power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride! #SHALEINSIGHT2019 
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration all well-meaning and good (I hope!) could stop hiring Never Trumpers who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo I’m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know) in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation Zero due process and Zero Transparency....
The Never Trumper Republicans though on respirators with not many left are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them they are human scum!
Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabali
Where’s the Whistleblower?
Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA & other Conservative speaker events all over the Country AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national & local student organization. Our studends....
....feel EMPOWERED. There’s a movement happening on these campuses like I’ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in that’s pretty remarkable!”  @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA   KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible! 
Thank you Steve! 
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing! 
The Witch Hunt continues! 
The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time! 
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 
Wrong never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! 
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
Great Job Tim! 
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” @MZHemingway @foxandfriends
Can’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!
So some day if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House even by a tiny margin they can impeach the President without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
....@kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends
...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner.” @SteveDoocy “That’s a revealing poll don’t you think that matters?”...
“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that maybe she is the third rate politician.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends
Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support! 
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote! 
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7 and free but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats & their Partner the Fake News Media! I’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!
Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?
Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino EXONERATED THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless the Scam continues!
Thank you John so nice! 
A Great Democrat Scam! 
Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! 
Congratulations Barbara! 
“To the Democrats Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
So interesting that when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7 and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken or would be given FREE if legally permissible!
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party and me was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He’s already stated NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower or the 2nd Whistleblower or the “informant?” All gone.....
....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud just like the Russia Hoax was and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country & when do the Republicans finally fight back?
Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9 including Corrupt Adam Schiff to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand & then did NOTHING losing Syria & all respect. I did something 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!
“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
Mark Esperanto Secretary of Defense “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!
The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy! 
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard I was called a big Russia lover also (actually I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING! 
....Therefore based on both Media & Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility we will no longer consider Trump National Doral Miami as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site including the possibility of Camp David immediately. Thank you!
.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or if legally permissible at ZERO COST to the USA. But as usual the Hostile Media & their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!
See you there! 
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate Jill Stein a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
It is ONLY about this! 
Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL this time from @FoxNews of course! 
.@RepMcClintock  Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews
A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel! 
“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr former Special Prosecutor
Thank you very much. Working hard! 
I agree! 
Texas is great! 
There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy! 
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
#StopTheCoup
Susan Rice who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan you were a disaster.
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote.” @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
Congressman Michael McCaul “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.” @FoxNews @seanhannity
“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.”  @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam Schiff
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down no transparency only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!
REPUBLICANS MUST STICK TOGETHER AND FIGHT! 
Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands and maybe many more!
....He is also my friend! At the same time I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
DEFEAT TERRORISM! 
.....this thinking years ago. Instead it was always held together with very weak bandaids & in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides & a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil & the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds & Turkey....
....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing for the first time to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway big progress being made!!!!
The USA! 
Democrats are now the party of high taxes high crime open borders late-term abortion socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker the American Family and the American Dream! #KAG2020 
Tonight we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party the Fake News Media and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3 2020! #KAG2020 
The radical left tolerates no dissent it permits no opposition it accepts no compromise and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me because I am fighting for YOU! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 
Thank you Dallas Texas - I love you! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 
Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! #TRUMP2020 
See you soon Dallas Texas! 
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary but somewhat unconventional path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
This number based on the Economy & how well our Country is doing would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News & Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! 
As the Witch Hunt continues! 
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! 
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard if not impossible to replace!
This is the real story. Thank you Jim! 
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops & bring them home from the ridiculous & costly Endless Wars and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
“About 500000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president & leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSexton
Hope all House Republicans and honest House Democrats will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President me. Most have never seen such a thing!
Years of BAD GOVERNMENT such a sorry thing to see! 
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop the Server all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs  Joe D & Victoria T!
THANK YOU you Dallas Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center! #TRUMP2020 
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.”  Congressman Brian Babin Texas. Thank you Brian!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her she is a very sick person!
The Do Nothing Democrats Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room! 
Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown! 
Do you think they like me? 
I’m fighting for the American people but the Democrats’ sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to  and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
FAKE NEWS! 
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! 
Guatemala Honduras & El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement & security.
Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers no questions no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
Our record Economy would CRASH just like in 1929 if any of those clowns became President!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina  & a Governors runoff in Louisiana which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud we will easily take back the House add in the Senate & again win Pres!
“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” @GrahamLedger  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal & absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!
We now have the greatest Economy in history! 
A great group of Champions! 
Looks good to me! 
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify & the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud & totally different from the actual transcribed call...
.... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA and much more!
The @StLouisBlues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up – and never lose faith. When you work hard support each other believe in yourself and give it everything you’ve got victory is always within reach! #STLBlues 
Congratulations @StLouisBlues! 
Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?
Join me in Dallas Texas this Thursday (October 17th) at the American Airlines Center! #KAG2020Tickets:  
Mississippi there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER EVER EVER! How about saying it this way IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement and always has!
Hunter Biden was really bad on @GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33000 deleted Emails not recoverable!
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people most of whom I do not know they are interviewing for 9 hours each not selective leaks.
“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNN’s BIAS!” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good or even great lawsuit?
A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son Hunter like why did Ukraine & China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
"The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States..." @MarkLevinShow 
"It doesn't speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasn't spoken. The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment. This is a Democrat Party Impeachment as I have been saying a silent COUP effort." @MarkLevinShow 
"The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives..." @MarkLevinShow 
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria 
Some people want the United States to protect the 7000 mile away Border of Syria presided over by Bashar al-Assad our enemy. At the same time Syria and whoever they chose to help wants naturally to protect the Kurds....
....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me whether it is Russia China or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great we are 7000 miles away!
After defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals why should we be fighting for Syria....
“To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off....
....Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
Great new book "Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today it is great!
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPost
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories no mention....
America First!
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardt
Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
Happy Columbus Day!
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
Brian Kilmeade over at @foxandfriends got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners but didn’t want the cost. “Let the USA pay” they said...
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart much more popular than people think is underestimated and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry I agree!
Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation when I released the exact conversation Transcript and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
“The Democrats are trashing this President & in the process trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshow
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox who will never be his father (and my friend) Mike Wallace that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial & good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to or be allowed in the United States!
.@marklevinshow on @FoxNews is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where’s Hunter?
.....BY THE WAY DON’T CALL ME AGAIN I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder that wasn’t just stupid it was FALSE.” @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews  I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress & the American People. End Witch Hunt!
CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS & RANCHERS!
....I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25% to 30% on October 15th. They will remain at 25%. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized & signed soon!
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night North Carolina last week!
Happy Birthday @USNavy! 
We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress including Democrats about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq who we just fought for. I said no and the Kurds left the fight twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey......
.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?
The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. Big upset! Now @EddieRispone who will be a great Governor will win!
A despicable human being! 
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side) are now fighting to keep us there. Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. They have proven to be inept!
The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN @EddieRispone. Thank you Louisiana! 66% down to 47% after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.
The Endless Wars Must End!
Start thinking about getting bigger tractors! 
That is the real story! 
Happy National Farmers Day! 
 
So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Louisiana get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!
The deal I just made with China is by far the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
....Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology financial services 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc. but WOW the Farmers really hit pay dirt! @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @debfisher @BenSasse  Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth
“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” @foxandfriends  @RepLeeZeldin  Schiff is a lying mess!
LOUISIANA — Tomorrow you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either @DocAbraham or @EddieRispone (BOTH GREAT)! 
Louisiana REPUBLICANS thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! 
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” @ShannonBream  @FoxNews  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!
WHERE’S HUNTER?
Is he leaving due to bad ratings or some other less important reason? 
Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon! @LAGOP 
....Congratulations Kevin on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now after many years in Government wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
A terrible and very dishonest person! 
We love you @MinneapolisPD THANK YOU! #LESM 
Really good news! 
So Great! 
A Giant Scam! 
Amazing Evening! 
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky! 
Do you believe this?  A total Scam! 
A great evening in beautiful Minnesota! 
What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people & families! 
Will be with our two GREAT Senators @SenJohnKennedy & @SenBillCassidy tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working really smart men love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!
One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that for various reasons we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
I will be in Louisiana tonight (Love it!) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards who has done a really poor job of tax cutting car insurance cost (worst in USA) & is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
Over the next 13 months we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul – and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in 2020! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020 
A GREAT evening in Minneapolis Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU! 
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by  @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! 
WOW THANK YOU Minneapolis Minnesota — on my way! #KAG2020 
We defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds who have been fighting each other for 200 years....
....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
The President of the Ukraine just stated again in the strongest of language that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam but it won’t because the Dems & Media are FIXED!
Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially & with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! 
...Court Justice & I turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since) Shep Smith @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions & got fired from @CNN) & others @FoxNews doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well I’m President!
From the day I announced I was running for President I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano who wanted to be a Supreme....
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe blackmail or quid pro quo as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment! 
In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria known as the Beetles out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!
Impeached for what having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country building our strongest ever Military Cutting Taxes too much? 
A different take! 
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlson
The hardest thing I have to do as President... 
Sleepy Joe Biden! 
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden who with his son Hunter and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well) and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far) handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!
....DACA stand with all of its negative legal implications the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA and be done the right way!
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA it gives the President extraordinary powers far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well) and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far) handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!
Crooked Hillary should try it again! 
True. Should have never been there in the first place! 
Why doesn’t the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start a Dem Hoax! 
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country! 
So true Don and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump for less. Can’t let this pass! 
But we are now for the first time giving companies a better alternative! 
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats! 
They don’t have a clue but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed! 
The so-called Whistleblower before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy frightening and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020 nothing more and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!
....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false & now disproven premise WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly & carefully bringing our great soldiers & military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE.....
Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars for us are ending! 
So make all Member Countries pay not just the United States! 
He should be Impeached for Fraud! 
The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....
.....The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country this Wirch Hunt should end now! 
So amazing! 
Wow Just Breaking: “The (big deal) Whistleblower had a ‘PROFESSIONAL TIE’ to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner @ByronYork  In other words was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!
“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017 Administration officials say.” @FoxNews  Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA! 
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!
Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor John Bel Edwards who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday force a runoff!
....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
This is just the beginning thank you to @ByronYork! 
The U.S. Border is SECURE! 
....In fact the “Cops For Trump” T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis Jacob Frey is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
Friday night in Louisiana will be Great. Big crowd expected. Republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates (@DocAbraham & @EddieRispone) so we can stop Left Leaning Governor John Bel Edwards from getting over 50%. We will easily win the runoff! 
Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?
Get your great T-Shirts “Cops for Trump” at   REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers & Union! @foxandfriends
Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly & proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on @foxandfriends. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100%!!!!
I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how & why she deleted 33000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!
....to see. Importantly Ambassador Sondland’s tweet which few report stated “I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” That says it ALL!
I would love to send Ambassador Sondland a really good man and great American to testify but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court where Republican’s rights have been taken away and true facts are not allowed out for the public....
....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria and they have been removed any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!
We may be in the process of leaving Syria but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey a NATO and Trading partner has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully....
.....good health at my request Pastor Brunson who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember and importantly that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th. #ENDENDLESSWARS
So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province and returning in very.....
The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again! 
Thank you Joni! 
Adam should be Impeached! 
Great book! 
“There are no felonies there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery treason or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity  A Scam!
Thank you @HeyTammyBruce! 
"The Truth About Impeachment"@SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC 
As I have stated strongly before and just to reiterate if Turkey does anything that I in my great and unmatched wisdom consider to be off limits I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I’ve done before!). They must with Europe and others watch over...
....the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region some of great wealth to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!
....down watching over a quagmire & spending big dollars to do so. When I took over our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture knowing we can always go back & BLAST!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia & China because they love seeing us bogged.....
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
....doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut.” Stephen Moore Freedomworks  That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!
Heritage Foundation “These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office Median Family Incomrs are up over $4100. In 8 years under President Obama they only went up $1000. In one third the time President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much and that...
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush Obama.” @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State and the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats CRAZY)!
“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.” @foxandfriends  But why are people surprised? The “partisan” Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect “no pressure” call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!
We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman Ajit Pai!
...figure the situation out and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their “neighborhood.” They all hate ISIS have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!
....almost 3 years but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars many of them tribal and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey Europe Syria Iran Iraq Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
....including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back they said you keep them USA! I said “NO we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They.....
.....again said “NO” thinking as usual that the U.S. is always the “sucker” on NATO on Trade on everything. The Kurds fought with us but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for....
The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate.....
....This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors and even Treason. I guess that means that they along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them must all be immediately Impeached!
Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “Whistleblower” & lawyer...
.@60Minutes “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars for the last two years paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency therefore paying the cost!
Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5% the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?
Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge  “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota this Thursday October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets:  
Good job I must say by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host(ess) and other guest Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times were totally biased boring and wrong (as usual) but Woodward was cool calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt! 
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response crowd and enthusiasm (actually all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!
Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50% force a runoff and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.
#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
The Biden family was PAID OFF pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
....And by the way I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don’t think it’s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won’t get to the starting gate & based on all of the money he & his family probably “extorted” Joe should hang it up. I wouldn’t want him dealing with China & U!
....and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers & others have stated as President I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible or probable CORRUPTION!
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son Hunter who was handed $100000 a month (PlusPlus) from a Ukrainian based company even though he had no experience in energy...
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians with really bad policies (Open Borders Sanctuary Cities etc.) but they stick together!
95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed! 
The great Scam is being revealed! 
The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong so now word is they are going to the bench and another “Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter Biden up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching & engaged in criminal behavior at a minimum corrupt behavior it ought to be looked at.” Peter Schweizer author “Secret Empires.” @marklevinshow
Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game! 
Mitt get off the stage you’ve had your turn (twice)! 
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
No Kevin Jeff Flake is better! 
I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator Mitt Romney to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
"Schiff is a FRAUD!" @dbongino 
THIS IS THE REAL STORY! @GreggJarrett 
Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him) and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didn’t give it to him). He is so bad for R’s!
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one and my statement on China pertained to corruption not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama he could have won. Sadly he choked!
The so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
The Media is “Fixed” and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes & @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!
Thank you @KimStrassel and @AndrewCMcCarthy! 
SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS! 
Too bad! 
Thank you @robertjeffress! 
“Report: ‘Whistleblower’ Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General”
GREAT BOOK! 
“Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”
Where is the LameStream Media on this? 
Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country! 
“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
“It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi & Schiff & the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump & the President...
....of Ukraine and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes & misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay
Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC the Do Nothing Democrat “leader.” 
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis Minnesota next Thursday October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets:  
My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M. following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!
“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.” @FoxNews  These facts and others make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime perhaps treason in making up a horrible statement and reading....
....it to Congress and the American people as though it was the statement of the President of the United States me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
LYIN’ SHIFTY SCHIFF! 
“When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin @FoxNews
I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement we are in the final steps of the process which when complete would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. & vice versa.
At the request of @SenThomTillis I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C. and so do I!
Under my Administration Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!
WOW this is big stuff! 
“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.”  Ed Rollins @FoxNews
“The witness was asked at least 20 times and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.”  @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews  Their whole case was built around this now they no longer mention!
“When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin
The Whistleblower who had the facts wrong about the phone call reached out and more to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
Breaking News: Unemployment Rate at 3.5% drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!).
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
The Washington Times “Ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
Nancy Pelosi today on @GMA actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying in other words lost it or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?
“They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election...” Joe diGenova 
This isn’t about a Campaign this is about Corruption on a massive scale! 
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
Great job Jim! 
AOC is a Wack Job! 
The Do Nothing Democrats don’t have time to get it done! 
Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems! 
As the President of the United States I have an absolute right perhaps even a duty to investigate or have investigated CORRUPTION and that would include asking or suggesting other Countries to help us out!
"...blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory the narrative that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public." @RepLeeZeldin 
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! 
Today at The Villages in Florida it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicare for our Nation’s Seniors. Today’s action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the American People! 
“It was just a congenial phone call but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” @greggutfeld @FoxNews  Witch Hunt!
Thank you @JennaEllisRives really well done! 
DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.” @replouiegohmert @BreitbartNews
“Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems” 
There wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldn’t get everybody in. I will be back soon! 
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!
Leader McCarthy we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems don’t have a chance! 
Fake News just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged they have lost their minds! 
Schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!). 
Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign! 
The Republican Party has never had such support! 
Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice! 
Thank you Hugh! 
A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now! 
Great job Richard! 
Keep up the great work Kellie! 
“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs Trade Barriers and more. This case going on for years a nice victory!
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020 
Mississippi there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! 
“Schiff House Intel Chairman Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” SCHIFF IS A FRAUD!  
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016 223-306. Get a better candidate this time you’ll need it!
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me to demean a First in Class at West Point is SAD!
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! 
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices & working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense which is going nowhere is driving the Stock Market and your 401K’s down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country with only the 2020 Election in mind!
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
#DONOTHINGDEMS
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect) fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress as though mine! He is sick!
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY however was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment and much else is at stake.
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! 
As I learn more and more each day I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment it is a COUP intended to take away the Power of the....
....People their VOTE their Freedoms their Second Amendment Religion Military Border Wall and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
REPUBLICANS of Louisiana it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham (both Great) which will lead to a runoff against....
....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards) who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP
Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement which was very dishonest and bad for me was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
As I predicted Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong especially relative to ALL other currencies that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
....the Whistleblower and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer warmer or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi & Schiff) why aren’t we entitled to interview & learn everything about....
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party HOAX!
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!
Great job just in time! 
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration which was very good but only from the day after the big Election Win which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT & getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 & Inauguration!
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this! 
Today I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten we are fighting for you! 
THANK YOU! 
“He misled (Rep. Adam Schiff) MILLIONS of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. Completely fabricated account out of thin air!” @MillerStream @BlazeTV 
My great friend @RepMarkMeadows has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader @RepAndyBiggsAZ!
BIG NEWS by @Hyundai @Kia and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That’s a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!
Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers! 
Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world! 
It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley! 
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens which is hard to do!
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way the Bidens were corrupt!
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim McLaughlin highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews
“President Trump’s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration around 50% and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President’s numbers going up they said ‘We gotta do something’ so..
#FakeWhistleblower
Again the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!
Again the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
....place in TRADE it’s taking shape in Military Competition.” Johnathan Ward author and China expert. We are winning and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!
“After many years the United States is finally waking up to Beijing’s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic & military superpower in the 21st Century. What’s happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking.....
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE & terrible statement pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?
The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which in the name of transparency I immediately released to Congress &  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness China is doing very poorly while the USA under your favorite President’s leadership continues to soar to new heights - and despite the Do Nothing Democrats we have just begun!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
“This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats.” @RudyGiuliani 
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be) it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robert Jeffress @FoxNews
....rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office overturn the 2016....
....Election and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020 and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
“State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.” @foxandfriends  You mean the 33000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found even though she said that all 33000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding and her Yoga!
“All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night it’s what’s on the news there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote....
....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
These Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying & cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America & it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They & the Fake News Media are Dangerous & Bad!
....In addition I want to meet not only my accuser who presented SECOND & THIRD HAND INFORMATION but also the person who illegally gave this information which was largely incorrect to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud & Treason.....
Like every American I deserve to meet my accuser especially when this accuser the so-called “Whistleblower” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America Israel and around the World! 
Investigating Corruption is correct! 
So great Mark! 
Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big! 
“These are Trumped-Up Charges.” @PeteHegseth  @foxandfriends
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats! 
The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public words that I did not say but that he fabricated (& admitted to this fabrication). Sick!
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam) but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing namely the USMCA vote Prescription Drug Price Reduction Gun Safety Infrastructure and much more!
WOW they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now! 
....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up & twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people defaming & libeling me. He must resign from Congress!
The Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic & wrong just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff..
How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been Cut Record Taxes & Regulations fixed the VA & gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years) & so much more?...
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President who told the Fake News at the United Nations that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
They are trying to stop ME because I am fighting for YOU! 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages people like Nadler Schiff AOC Plus 3 and many more had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well maybe next time!
Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug! 
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News! 
I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! 
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else a leaker or spy feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?
Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said of course NO!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it...
...sound horrible and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
....sound horrible an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress with millions of people watching a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call but he completely changed the words to make it....
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine it could not have been better or more honorable and the Fake News Media and Democrats working as a team have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is I used the word Liddle’ not Liddle in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats! 
Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V.P. Biden had his son on the other hand take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!
Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby our powerful Appropriations Chairman for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military invest in border security and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting you are winning!
Liddle’ Adam Schiff who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President has just said that the Whistleblower even though he or she only had second hand information “is credible.” How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!
Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice no pressure call. Another Witch Hunt!
That and many other reasons is why Republicans will win North Carolina! 
“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor no crime no extortion no treason.” Robert Ray  @FoxNews
“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not!” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors no treason no extortion no treason.” RD Robert Ray respected
THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
Thank you Jim! 
If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasn’t! 
So bad for our Country! 
So cute! Her father is under siege for no reason since his first day in office! 
One of our best fundraising days EVER! 
So true but it will never work! 
I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily....
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
Wow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.” @FreeBeacon
“He (President Trump) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of…unless you investigate this…we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown
“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.” @BretBaier
“Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trump’s alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign — collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.” 
Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should a perfect call - got them by surprise!
“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy  @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy the Military Vets Tax and Regulation Cuts HealthCare and so much more!
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy BALL OF COLLUSION THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
Thank you @LouDobbs and @JudgeJeanine! 
Thank you @kevinomccarthy! 
“He (Trump) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If it’s not one thing it’s another. It’s a DISGRACE!” @pnjaban @LouDobbs 
Sooooo true @LindseyGrahamSC! 
Thank you @JennaEllisRives -- totally agree! 
"They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. They've gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now they've come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election they think in their bizarre brains that they did..." 
“Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL” 
“Attorney For Anti-Trump ‘Whistleblower’ Worked For Hillary Clinton Chuck Schumer” 
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
Pelosi Nadler Schiff and of course Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
Such an important day at the United Nations so much work and so much success and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it including legislation on gun safety lowering of prescription drug prices infrastructure etc. So bad for our Country!
THANK YOU! 
....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and unlike Joe Biden and his son NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....
Hopefully they will work it out and quickly! 
True. A wonderful meeting! 
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see! 
“@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine’s President.” Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now and found NOTHING!
#UNGA 
94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you working hard! 
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge! 
....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff & the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do) was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden on the other hand forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....
Incredible! 
The USA Loves India! 
Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!
Look forward to being with our great India loving community! 
“The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC  Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas! 
“They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh a very good man.” @LindseyGrahamSC  100% correct and they should be fully exposed for what they are!
I go along with Joe! 
“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).” We should always be paying less interest than others!
“The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.” Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy or anything else.
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly and then wins the Election as he did then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners the Democrats. It is so wrong but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!
The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught especially The Failing New York Times which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!
“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long friendly and it touched on many questions.” @NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterSchweizer The problem is “Trump” did nothing wrong!
“It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation....
....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?” @GreggJarrett
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” @TomFitton
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterScheeizer The problem is “Trump” did nothing wrong!
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
This is the real and only story! 
....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong but Biden’s demand on the other hand was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
The Fake News Media and their partner the Democrat Party want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son or they won’t get a very large amount of U.S. money so they fabricate a.....
I want to express my gratitude to America’s magnificent @FLOTUS for tonight’s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between🇦🇺Both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage unfailing commitment and unyielding character! 
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children “Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom.” She and her husband Sean Duffy have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids! 
Thank you working hard! 
....statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong it was pitch perfect!
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners headed up again by Little Adam Schiff and batting Zero for 21 against me are at it again! They think I may have had a “dicey” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “highly partisan” whistleblowers..
Oh no really big political news perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City  @BilldeBlasio who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated he’s coming home!
“The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come.
Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I don’t care how much they paid her they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!
Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of @Facebook in the Oval Office today.  
Because of my Administration drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley’s drug pricing bill very much and it’s great to see Speaker Pelosi’s bill today. Let’s get it done in a bipartisan way!
Presidential Harassment!
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
....Knowing all of this is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway and only do good for the USA!
GREAT progress on the Border Wall! 
All Polls and some brand new Polls show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time especially with sooo much good that could be done including prescription drug price reduction healthcare infrastructure etc.
Thank you! 
Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts” no sense no vision!  A terrible communicator!
Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT @USAirForce! #HBDUSAF  
....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard meaning significantly more JOBS JOBS JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California you will be out of business.
The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......
.... advantage and also due to the fact that older highly polluting cars will be replaced by new extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard but the cars will be....
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O’Brien currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long & hard with Robert. He will do a great job!
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far biggest Economy (no longer even close) number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!
Terrence K. Williams “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”
IIhan Omar a member of AOC Plus 3 will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party! 
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward! 
Great! 
Thank you Corey! 
The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history! #MAGA 
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee President Trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriends
No Lindsey it was a sign of strength that some people just don’t understand! 
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate losing in so many ways!
Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_
Just departed New Mexico for California where we are delivering results! 
The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money but it is a journalistic disaster being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them...
....”That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.” @brithume @FoxNews
If you want to stop the drug smugglers human traffickers and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth you have only one choice — you must elect more REPUBLICANS! #KAG2020 
We are all united by the same love of Country the same devotion to family and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! Bound by these convictions we will campaign for every vote & we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020! 
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots! 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
On my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020  
...She can never recover and will never return to Greatness under current Management. The Times is DEAD long live The New York Times!
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story and while you’re at it the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
One my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020 
“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” @greggutfeld  The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.
Congratulations @MarianoRivera! 
This afternoon at the @WhiteHouse it was my great honor to present our nation’s highest civilian honor the Presidential Medal of Freedom to American baseball legend @MarianoRivera. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement Mo! 
Thank you working hard! #KAG2020 
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours! 
In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!
They failed on the Mueller Report they failed on Robert Mueller’s testimony they failed on everything else so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea except I will and have always expected to lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..
....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.” Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are will they “move the goalposts” and is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts but I’ll be able to figure it out!
Remember when Iran shot down a drone saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when in fact it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him a disgrace!” Dan Bongino @foxandfriends
“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner the Dems.
...The United States because of the Federal Reserve is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell & the Fed don’t have a clue. And now on top of it all the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop Stimulus!
Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China’s big devaluation of their currency coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates...
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you Mr. President!) we are a net Energy Exporter & now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don’t need Middle Eastern Oil & Gas & in fact have very few tankers there but will help our Allies!
The @nytimes. “This week the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary....
.....’These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come’ said Lindsey Graham Republican of South Carolina who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.” The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!
House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report sadly for them after two years and $40000000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say OK lets look at everything else and all of the deals that “Trump” has done over his lifetime. But it doesn’t....
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress the “Congressional Slush Fund” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.” Joe DiGenova.  “It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” @LouDobbs  Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World the Witch Hunt though on a respirator is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
PLENTY OF OIL!
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit are locked and loaded depending on verification but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack and under what terms we would proceed!
....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia which may have an impact on oil prices I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve if needed in a to-be-determined amount....
....Then on top of it all Kathleen Parker of all people wrote “In Case You Were Wondering Trump Won The Debate.” True but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In While Democrats Clash Over Ideology & Tactics. Mr. President We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.”.....
I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News the Deep State the Democrats and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation) with the help of some truly great Republicans and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?) false allegations and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner the LameStream Media are after Brett Kavanaugh again talking loudly of their favorite word impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
All based on NOTHING! The Dems can’t get anything positive done and probably don’t want to. 
Thank you Billy! 
Thank you! 
My great honor! 
That is true and the USA is Winning Again! 
Amazing! 
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people including one great American soldier was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake and they have no idea how to recover!
I’m OK with that! 
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty between the United States and Israel that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her she knows ZERO about me has NO talent and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market and keep young children from Vaping!
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! 
Historic Milestone indeed! 
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big and very important Election. We will WIN!
....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals and Illegal Immigration are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday in the not too distant future America will see a very positive change. Remember America First!
Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier and faster. But it will all happen anyway!....
....IG Report which showed him to be a Disgraced & Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction No Collusion only treasonous crimes committed by the other side and led by the Democrats. Sad!
How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers especially for Blacks Hispanics Asians & Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military & Choice for Vets...
....Became Number 1 in World & Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony & fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report Mueller Testimony & James Comey..
Hello Baltimore! 
In fact my views on Venezuela and especially Cuba were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back! 
“This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.” @guypbenson @FoxNews
“We can’t beat him so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” @GOPLeader McCarthy
Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!
It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
European Central Bank acting quickly Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying and succeeding in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits and sits and sits. They get paid to borrow money while we are paying interest!
Thank you Brandon! 
Thank you! 
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress and elsewhere! 
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts! 
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador President of Mexico talking about Southern Border Security and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
....on October 1st we have agreed as a gesture of good will to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%) from October 1st to October 15th.
At the request of the Vice Premier of China Liu He and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum! 
Today and every day we pledge to honor our history to treasure our liberty to uplift our communities to live up to our values to prove worthy of our heroes and above all to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911 
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!) I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry but true!
In a hypothetical poll done by one of the worst pollsters of them all the Amazon Washington Post/ABC which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?) Sleepy Joe Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election....
....This is a phony suppression poll meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia Russia Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop down big in the Polls WINS. Easier than 2016!
The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO or less and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency power and balance sheet.....
....The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”
“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard supply chains breaking up as many companies move or look to move to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC  @JoeSquawk
Greg Murphy won big 62% to 37% in North Carolina 03 & the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight Greg & Dan!
Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You’d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!
.@CNN & @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about or cover the race. Fake News never wins!
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help we changed his strategy together and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN & @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help we changed his strategy together and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN & @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets the Military and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular Strong and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.
One down one to go – Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border! 
....I asked John for his resignation which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions as did others in the Administration and therefore....
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great the best ever!
ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
Last night in North Carolina was incredible! 
Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard! 
THANK YOU @USCG! GREAT JOB!! 
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03! 
THANK YOU Fayetteville North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!! 
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian. 
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville North Carolina. This is amazing! 
Speaking to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop (@jdanbishop) running for Congress. Vote tomorrow! #NC09 
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today — THANK YOU and God Bless You All! 
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers the finest on earth. Over the last four days we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
...the Economy where there is NO Recession much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020 but that will NEVER HAPPEN Americans are too smart!
...the look of turmoil in the White House of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership including...
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done and are doing but the people know and that’s all that is important!
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years and he thought that during his very busy European visit he would stop and see his family!
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland and filling up with fuel with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
The Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done and are doing but the people know and that’s all that is important!
..that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy the big tax and regulation cuts the rebuilding of the Military “Choice” at our VA our Vets Judges and Supreme Court Justices the Border Wall going up lowest crime numbers 2nd A and so much more!
As bad as @CNN is Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive despite all of the great things...
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also I hear that because of its bad ratings it is losing a fortune.....
...But most importantly @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information & Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame & all comes from the top!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party a record. Thank you!
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people and real leaders to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems it is a better way to go. Fewer people in the end will leave!
...but then he ran for Congress and won only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement on Election Day for his opponent. But now take heart he is back and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges all badly failed candidates will give it a go!
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina @MarkSanford was reported missing only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend it sounded like his political career was over. It was....
North Carolina vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
Maria & John understood the dishonesty & deception from the very beginning! 
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators & others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....
....A man named @VanJones68 and many others were profusely grateful (at that time!). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW no one else did & Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring.....
....musician @johnlegend and his filthy mouthed wife are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor”@LesterHoltNBC doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about....
.....the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having again the Number One Best Selling Book!
Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. We’re having a BIG RALLY for a great guy Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime Borders your Military and our Vets we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime Borders and against your 2nd A.
WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL... 
Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey! 
....an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didn’t they....
....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks and would even kill 12 innocent people then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?
Unbeknownst to almost everyone the major Taliban leaders and separately the President of Afghanistan were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately in order to build false leverage they admitted to..
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word even though they know they are defrauding & deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
The Failing New York Times stated in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book)”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said VERY EARLY ON that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
Our Economy is doing great!!!!! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West!  
Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great! 
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd National Border Patrol
The Washington Post’s @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) & @AshleyRParker two nasty lightweight reporters shouldn’t even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING & FAKE. Also add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer! 
I want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges including many in the Appellate Courts & two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!
....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas for the incredible amount of time money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA the U.S. Coast Guard & the brave people of the Bahamas..
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA Billions and Billions of Dollars they need it! In the meantime our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! 
....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing etc. I am sure would be appreciated!
The @USCG @FEMA and all others along with other countries that have been helping have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
“The Washington Post’s Lost Summer” 
“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening good for all!
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
Great job by FEMA Law Enforcement First Responders U.S. Coast Guard and ALL! Keep going we all appreciate what you are doing!
....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian that in addition to Florida & other states Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for like the Witch Hunt or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!
Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called “Radicals Resistance and Revenge The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!
Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
I agree with @jimcramer the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well you can’t win them all!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must based on the law a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says “The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t.....
“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean look at the joblessness report today. What I’m surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it (a deal) more than we do. It’s statistical. I just think....
....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk
Looking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!
Great job done by @GovRonDesantis @SenRickScott Senator @MarcoRubio and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved including @FEMA @USCG Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone we are totally with you!
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not! 
Just as I said Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it! 
After almost 3 years in my Administration Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer....
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
....said what she did even being on a much higher rated show she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
Bad “actress” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “Blacklist” of Trump supporters & is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr....
In the early days of the hurricane when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach even before it reached the Bahamas certain models strongly suggested that Alabama & Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida & to the Gulf....
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast where it continues now. In the one model through Florida the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
Thank you Rad - looking great! 
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans! 
“Absolutely nothing is more important than going back & getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known undisputed...
....facts and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that....
....information does come out.” Charlie Hurt Washington Times  @LouDobbs
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies! 
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w/ the Military our Vets & your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!
1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?AMERICA!2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air?   CHINA!3. 91% of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organization’s suggested level.   NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!
4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...BUT... 5. Who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!
6. The Democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Don't the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?
7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters hurts Americans and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that!
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying gee are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it....
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @JoeSquawk
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly I think the impact of what...
“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @joekernencnbc
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly I think the impact of what....
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying gee are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it........
.....on the President of the United States.” @charliekirk11 @trish_regan
“To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....
“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.” @LouDobbs
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDersh
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!
The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
@NHC_Atlantic
The incompetent Mayor of London Sadiq Khan was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks. Me I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
....”knife crime” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
Based on the IG Report the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices healthcare infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion No Obstruction!
The incompetent Mayor of London Sadique Kahn was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours or travel for weeks. Me I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
....”knife crime” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
Germany and so many other countries have negative interest rates “they get paid for loaning money” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember these are also our weak currency competitors!
For all of the “geniuses” out there many who have been in other administrations and “taken to the cleaners” by China that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember the EU & all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff USA”($600 B/year)16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot....
....And then think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses jobs and money will be gone!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a...
...Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @SenatorFischer @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15 year round. Big additional list to be submitted & approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol and we save our small refineries!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonkarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that along with Florida Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina even Alabama could possibly come into play which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonathancarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that along with Florida Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina even Alabama could possibly come into play which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a....
....Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst  @debfisher @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15 year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol and we save our small refineries!
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country they have never been so bad!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want seldom have sources (even though they say they do) never do “fact checking” anymore and are only looking for the “kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake they are Corrupt..
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries from mining and construction to leisure & hospitality With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa Ohio Pennsylvania Wisconsin Nevada Florida......
....swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades and their trust in President Trump paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with....
....Trump Economics. With President Trump Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx
“The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump we’ve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages....
“They are liars and in my opinion TRAITORS!” @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....
....and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 (lowest unemployment most jobs ever) and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues not worth it!
Since my election many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country and the Stock Market is up over 50%. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist Paul Krugman you’d be doing VERY poorly - you’d be angry and hurt. He never got it!
“When you put everything together the pro growth Tax & Regulation Cuts help to retrain workers the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals promoting Merit Based) it...
....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs Jobs Jobs and that is exactly what he is delivering.” @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews
.....this (Judge Thomas Ambro Majotity Opinion) and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices.” @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit Court of Appeals. “Lou that’s why this next Election is so important the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....
Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds.
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
In addition to Florida - South Carolina North Carolina Georgia and Alabama will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
This is only the beginning! 
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice and when it then became a big hit helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront & profusely thanked me even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!
“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova
....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court you should be held in contempt. So if you abused the FISA you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action.” Jason Chaffetz Fox
“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger calling him dangerous insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED BECAUSE IF HE WASN’T ELECTED THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.....
....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
Peter Morici Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley Wall Street Journal
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas! 
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again and we are respected again!
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials like James Clapper on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States guys like him Comey and the even dumber John Brennan don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back....
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and many other Democrats wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!
Dan will be GREAT! 
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN which is happening and then KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I was right about Comey CROOKED COP!
A great team working hard! 
...Yes I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break despite the fact that she was despised by everyone and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany doing great!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado! 
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy! 
An amazing guy respected by all! 
Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni! 
One of the greats! 
Great job Thom! 
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border! 
“They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents 641 of the Criminal Code because the IG found these were not his personal documents these were government documents.” @GreggJarrett  “Comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..
....pass the laugh test and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork  @LouDobbs
Just arrived at Camp David!
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now) or on Election Day September 10th for Dan Bishop a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders Sanctuary Cities & is weak on Crime Military & Vets!
This should NEVER happen to another President again! 
“One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official…when you read this report…this is a systematic effort to go after Candidate Trump President Elect-Trump and President Trump....you could virtually call this an attempted coup." @RepPeteKing 
Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE! 
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One. 
If the Fed would cut we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar “like crazy” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good doesn’t it? Except to those (manufacturers) that make product for sale outside the U.S.
....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players) we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
Bryan Dean Wright former CIA Officer(Dem): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president and there are no consequences.” @fox&Fs
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows in the strongest of terms how unfairly I and tens of millions of great people who support me were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
An idea liked by many? 
General Motors which was once the Giant of Detroit is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
Establishment of the U.S. Space Command! 
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s Report. He should be ashamed of himself!
The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol not even including the E-15 year around which is already done. It will be a giant package get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!
The Economy is doing GREAT with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should we are a Rocket upward!
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’Donnell for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency even being previously forced by NBC to apologize which he did while crying for things he said about me & The Apprentice was again forced to apologize this time.....
....for the most ridiculous claim of all that Russia Russia Russia or Russian oligarchs co-signed loan documents for me a guarantee. Totally false as is virtually everything else he and much of the rest of the LameStream Media has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions it will be a very big Hurricane perhaps one of the biggest!
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA first responders and all for working so hard & being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent Fake or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
The  Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!
A sad day for the Democrats Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I’m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly) I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress and elsewhere!  
Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time more than anyplace else has ever gotten and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!....
....And by the way I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to Puerto Rico!
Our Federal Reserve cannot “mentally” keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually “getting paid” to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!
....I don’t want to Win for myself I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isn’t working for us anymore!
Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN & @MSNBC....
....are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions” @donnabrazile Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS & CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do Win. Too Bad!....
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn the leader of Britain’s Labour Party to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for & will prove to be “a great one!” Love U.K.
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads as usual to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready  and will do a great job. When they do let them know it and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office” @OANN  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “bedbug.” Tough guy!
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers! 
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
Axios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE let’s see what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes adding many more people than are actually there and yet my crowds which are far bigger get no coverage at all. Fake News!
It is amazing that I can be at 51% with Zogby when the Fake & Corrupt News is almost 100% against me. Great job Mr. President!
The G7 in France was so successful and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News and watched numerous networks it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities and won’t protect your Second Amendment! 
.@JudgeJeanine Pirro is following up her #1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be #1 – “Radicals Resistance and Revenge: The Left's Plot to Remake America.” Out today go get it!
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!
100% Confirmed! 
Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year an all time record of its kind for “anywhere.”
The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7 spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly & works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly & works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7 only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous never happened!
Thank you Mark! 
I agree 100%! 
THANK YOU FRANCE#G7Biarritz 
Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister @NarendraModi of India at the #G7Summit in Biarritz France! 
Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany at the #G7Summit in Biarritz France! 
Great respect for the fact that President Xi & his Representatives want “calm resolution.” So impressed that they are willing to come out & state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader & representing a great country. Talks are continuing!
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
Great meeting this morning with President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz France! #G7Summit 
All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton! 
Thank you Katie! 
.@SteveHiltonx “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news too many good things to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
Congratulations to Louisiana’s Champions. See you at the White House! 
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election November 9 2016 where the Market went up big after the win and because of the win. Had my opponent won CRASH!
No we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice! 
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders and many others are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong from Iran to China Tariffs to Boris!
A disgrace! 
Great meetings at the @G7 in Biarritz France! #G7Biarritz 
Thank you Eric. So true! 
USMCA make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it! 
Jesse & Emma Great News. Congratulations!!!!! 
Happy Birthday Vince! 
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before happens to be “Mr. President why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions and now she’s on @FoxNews!
Rasmussen at 50%. @MediaBuzzFNC & @FoxNews are only getting worse! Now @donnabrazile & others on Fox. Not what it used to be! 
Happy Birthday Regis a truly special man!
Happy Birthday Sean! 
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz France! #G7Biarritz 
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
....bad Economic times the worse the better anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well we are having very good meetings the Leaders are getting along very well and our Country economically is doing great - the talk of the world!
Before I arrived in France the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession they are trying to “will” America into..
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
Thank you both. Sooo nice! 
France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!
France and President @EmanuelMacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!
Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated and partially built Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making they now have the team that can get it done!
Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
“Face It You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House and keep the Senate and Presidency one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one” at a press conference two days ago referring to taking on Trade with China little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding being sarcastic and just....
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting CNN MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news & me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
For all of the Fake News Reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers China etc. try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!
Such a sad and pathetic fall for @CNN and Jeff Z! 
Other good polls also in fifties despite only Fake News and then phony polls by A.P. CNN NBC and as always Fox who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election! 
Disgraceful! 
Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing! 
Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon. 
Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P. 
Great going Harris! 
Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible! 
Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs tonight hosted by Lou’s friend @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel Broadway. Have fun!
Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires we stand ready to assist!
...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China currently being taxed at 25% will be taxed at 30%...
...Additionally the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China that was being taxed from September 1st at 10% will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade Intellectual Property Theft and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China with no end in sight....
....Sadly past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade we must Balance this very....
The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton whoever that may be has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States year after year for decades will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China including bringing..
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also I am ordering all carriers including Fed Ex Amazon UPS and the Post Office to SEARCH FOR & REFUSE....
Our Country has lost stupidly Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year & they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and frankly would be far....
As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...
....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
This despite the Fake News and Polls! 
The Economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media together with their Partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a Recession. They are.....
..willing to lose their wealth or a big part of it just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!
Happy birthday James! 
.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime Borders & the 2nd A Cory fights hard for our Military & Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! 
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders Sanctuary Cities and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Check out a FANTASTIC new book “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!
...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and most importantly Save Lives!
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans & Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners survivors grieving family members law enforcement the NRA mental health professionals and school officials...
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change) not late. Let America win big rather than just win!
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!
Thank you @RealWayneRoot! 
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today’s order we express the everlasting love & loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets & God Bless America! 
Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative which is much better for consumers!
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good and cost $3000 more to consumers. Crazy!
“Tax cuts deregulation and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver’s seat.“ @SecretaryRoss 
.@NATO very unfair to the United States! 
....Because of me these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
For the record Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much much higher level than that....
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the @AMVETSHQ 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends! #AMVETS75th 
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money while the U.S. a far stronger and more important credit is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History very tough on exports. No Inflation!.....
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000 while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong and only let us down....
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate and we should be lower than them. Yesterday “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential almost like never before!
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession even though the numbers & facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong sorry!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @CharlesPayne2nd  @foxandfriends  So true!
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this).
Brandon Judd President National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world not just America he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK if he keeps doing what he’s doing he’s good for.....
.....all Jews Blacks Gays everyone. And importantly he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job.” Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN
....The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!
Denmark is a very special country with incredible people but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....
CONGRATULATIONS @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud! 
Sorry I don’t buy Rep. Tlaib’s tears. I have watched her violence craziness and most importantly WORDS for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News they are treading in very dangerous territory! 
Thank you! 
Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence! 
Ratings are way down lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch! 
Maria despite all of their will and energy it won’t work! 
Thank you Mike! 
Two incredible people. I can’t believe they’re not working (few work harder)! 
The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country The Enemy of the People! 
Congratulations Great Show! 
Thank you Jon working hard! 
Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days! 
I promise not to do this to Greenland! 
Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019 @IowaStateFair! 
Great discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend at the @G7 in France!
Spoke to my two good friends Prime Minister Modi of India and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan regarding Trade Strategic Partnerships and most importantly for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation but good conversations!
THANK YOU! #MAGA 
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldn’t get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Wow Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! @JudicialWatch
Our Economy is very strong despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world...
.....The Fed Rate over a fairly short period of time should be reduced by at least 100 basis points with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened our Economy would be even better and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!
Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big beautiful NEW Wall! I will protect America the Dems don’t know where to start! 
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked & then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself bad on TV. Abused staff...
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they’d be if I got fair media coverage!
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself bad on TV. Abused staff..
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune even now especially after their massive unfunded liability. I’m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going!
Thank you @TedCruz I couldn’t agree more! 
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it & the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
Our economy is the best in the world by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
We are doing very well with China and talking!
Doing really well! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
With all that this Administration has accomplished think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media which we do not!
.....”Journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM
The Failing New York Times in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report & his testimony were a total disaster) to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes! 
Thank you! 
The Fake News Media HATES to see this! 
Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times! 
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
Biggest crowd EVER according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems & their Partner LameStream Media saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People! 
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn’t get you in will be back soon! 
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out totally packed with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!
Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war and us are looking to make a deal - if possible!
I donate 100% of my President’s salary $400000 back to our Country and feel very good about it! 
Like it or not Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming not happy about this!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
Israel was very respectful & nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission she grandstanded & loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime Strong on Borders and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!
A great evening with incredible people in New Hampshire! 
Thank you Rudy! 
Great news! Tonight we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester New Hampshire! 
Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #KAG2020 
Walmart a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing just released outstanding numbers. Our Country unlike others is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore Heritage Foundation
Sadly much truth to this! 
Andrew thank you! We will never forgive or forget. 
Biden doesn’t have a clue! I will solve the China problem. 
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade and everyone knows that including China!
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party and they HATE Israel!
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit but this time a big one!
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!
The United States is now by far the Biggest Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World it is not even close! As others falter we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt! 
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel & all Jewish people & there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!”  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
Go out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator and when they pushed the envelope there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed & knew exactly...
Thank you and the Wall is under major construction! 
Two great entertainers and more importantly great people! Check out their show. 
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem he can do it. Personal meeting?
Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date but much good will come from the short.....
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
Sad! 
Unlike others our economy is strong! 
We are winning big time against China. Companies & jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up and in some cases have come down. China is not our problem though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much & too fast. Now too slow to cut....
The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent.  “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
“So far you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy...& it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!
“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly and now is very very late. Too bad so much to gain on the upside!
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! #KAG2020 
A fighter and champion GREAT! 
Great interview of Ron Vitiello Former Acting Ice Director by @JesseBWatters on @FoxNews about all of the work that is being (& has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes & Asylum.
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today with the amazing energy workers construction workers and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU! 
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID it is all so meaningless!
Thank you Bill! 
True! Without being stuck at an airport where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience they’ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America! 
It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting raving & cursing they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
See you in New Hampshire! 
Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
So terrible! 
Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged & Fake Media! 
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
Many are blaming me and the United States for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?
ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
As usual China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!
Thank you Steve! 
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!
I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN 
Thank you John you are a special guy! 
Curt Schilling a great pitcher and patriot is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar though more advanced technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility and far beyond. Not good!
Two great and loyal friends! 
Scaramucci who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
Thank you NEGOP! 
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett & others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” & I would let him come on though he (& Erin) had very little..
..TV talent. Then during the 2016 Election I would watch as Joe Scarborough & his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV even on a very low rated show all in the name of ambition!
Anthony Scaramucci who was quickly terminated (11 days) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on “President Trump.” Like many other so-called television experts he knows very little about me.....
.....other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony who would do anything to come back in should remember the only reason he is on TV and it’s not for being the Mooch!
Joe Biden just said “We believe in facts not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show to so many how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America & the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
Got to see by accident wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H. stay here rather than..
....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time including evenings. Don’t have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise he pays 95% in taxes!
Never has the press been more inaccurate unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats they are easy we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un he stated very nicely that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S./South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was.....
....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton & El Paso when in fact I was the one who stated very strongly that I didn’t want the Fake News inside & told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite” but they are not Elite. In fact it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order....
....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists and are very bad for our Country!
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership  on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA and others so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....
....mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
Rod Blagojevich the former Governor of Illinois was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.
I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished....
....career in the military retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!
Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15 which....
....coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.
....I know Emmanuel means well as do all others but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way shape or form to represent us!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S. but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us including President Macron of France....
....John Deere our car companies & others to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...
....in the world there is nobody even close but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?
As your President one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level in comparison to other countries is keeping the dollar high making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar Boeing.....
Just watched a world class loser Tim O’Brien who I haven’t seen or spoken to in many years & knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin’ Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV....
....I am so amazed that MSNBC & CNN can keep putting on over and over again people that have no idea what I am all about and yet they speak as experts on “Trump.” Same people since long before the 2016 Election and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done! 
Incredible afternoon in El Paso Texas. We love you and are with you all the way! 
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon one which they never cease to use when they are down or run out of facts RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips but it just didn’t work. The love respect & enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!
I don’t know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is but his brother according to most is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!
I don’t know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is but his brother according to most is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!
The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere! 
We love you Dayton Ohio! 
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually whenever possible I turn to @OANN!
....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o
Just left Dayton Ohio where I met with the Victims & families Law Enforcement Medical Staff & First Responders. It was a warm & wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm & even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate (0%) Sherrod Brown & Mayor Whaley totally.....
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash but at least China will be happy!
Today we honor all of our Country’s Purple Heart recipients their loved ones and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U.S. Armed Forces:  
....terrible thing to watch especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway but it would be much easier if the Fed understood which they don’t that we are competing against other countries all of whom want to do well at our expense!
....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....
“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....
“Meanwhile the Dayton Ohio shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders Elizabeth Warren and ANTIFA.” @OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times but it was quickly changed to “Assailing Hate But Not Guns” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against...
..”This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so!” Mark Penn Former Clinton Advisor. @TuckerCarlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades the U.S. has been paid very little by South Korea but last year at the request of President Trump South Korea paid $990000000..
...Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!
Beto (phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage) O’Rourke who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas where I trounced him and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1% in the Democrat Primary should respect the victims & law enforcement - & be quiet!
“California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump and it’s clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party or any party to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause and under the 14th.....
....Amendment.” John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle  Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly New York State is far worse!
Will be going to Dayton Ohio and El Paso Texas tomorrow to meet with First Responders Law Enforcement and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
...in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
.@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me what a great job the Administration is doing that Google was not involved with China’s military that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election & that they...
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee a Google engineer say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
Thank you @JimCramer @CNBC! 
Thank you Mr. Wonderful I like you too! @kevinolearytv @CNBC 
As they have learned in the last two years our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety investment and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
....are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee a Google engineer say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me what a great job the Administration is doing that Google was not involved with China’s military that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election and that they...
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Thank you @PeterSchweizer! 
Check out what @Google is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020 
Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan! 
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all. 
Today I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly decisively and without years of needless delay. 
The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims their families and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER! 
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided it should have been stopped many years ago!
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....
....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories hurt our jobs depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair balanced and unbiased or these terrible problems will only get worse!
We cannot let those killed in El Paso Texas and Dayton Ohio die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks perhaps marrying....
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good if not GREAT come out of these two tragic events!
Today I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso Texas and Dayton Ohio....
....The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton Ohio.
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton Ohio.
The FBI local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
Today’s shooting in El Paso Texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Today’s shooting in El Paso Texas was not only tragic it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
'God be with you all': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve  via @usatoday
Pastor Scott a great guy - and tough! 
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA 
Terrible shootings in ElPaso Texas. Reports are very bad many killed. Working with State and Local authorities and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers! 
A great couple! 
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries but I loved working with him! 
Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week get home ASAP A$AP!
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country and only the United States with me as President can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to and he does not want to disappoint his friend President Trump!
Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation but..
.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country under Kim Jong Un’s leadership is unlimited. Also there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong but I believe that......
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020 
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
Beautiful evening in Cincinnati Ohio tonight — with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020 
Thank you Cincinnati Ohio. Together we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
...We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!
...buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities but did not do so. Additionally my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States – this never happened and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing and...
...during the talks the U.S. will start on September 1st putting a small additional Tariff of 10% on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25%...
Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago but sadly China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently China agreed to...
"A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS...." @BillHemmer @AmericaNewsroom 
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military our Vets and Jobs Jobs Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans there is always plenty of time to CUT!
China Iran & other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump NO WAY!
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada & having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
The people on the stage tonight and last were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity & success like never before..
...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger better and stronger TOGETHER!
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! @CNN
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. “Mistake Powell cut rate and then he started talking.” @LouDobbs
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
Thank you Bill say hello to our GREAT VETERANS! 
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words “drug-infested” concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C. 
“The 99% Get a Bigger Raise” 
....As usual Powell let us down but at least he is ending quantitative tightening which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China The European Union and other countries around the world....
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer & Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly) were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly) were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal....
....Not only did they lose the case they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....
....I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
CNN’s Don Lemon the dumbest man on television insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral unbiased & fair.....
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too! @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO 
“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night & you can add in Sleepy Joe Harris & the rest will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me only up!
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully the Attorney Generel of the United States and all of those working with him will find out in great detail what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was “entirely divorced” from the facts yet another total & complete....
....vindication & exoneration from the Russian WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
Thank you Eric! 
Thank you Amy! 
We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS & DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
Heading to Jamestown Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible but that’s ok because today is not about them!
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe & Psycho were with me in my room at their request the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise followed me to other states....
....Don’t watch show but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah King of Baltimore!
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromo
....@foxandfriends
Wow! Morning Joe & Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad when the show was sane they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
...to ripoff the USA even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting however is that if & when I win the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards our past leaders never got it!
..My team is negotiating with them now but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal like in past 30 years and continue
China is doing very badly worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China they just don’t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years....
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders & refusing to change the Loopholes & Asylum tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG @foxandfriends
“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this it’s not just Baltimore unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik Baltimore journalist  Remember Vote for Trump what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help Border getting strong!
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration....
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
Just remember the Iranians never won a war but never lost a negotiation!
The Republican Party has a new STAR his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron) and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky....
....He is tough on Crime Strong on Borders and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country @JudicialWatch. On behalf of all Americans I thank them! @TomFitton 
Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!
The Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well the potential wealth creation that was missed especially when measured against our debt is staggering. We are competing with other.....
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China until now the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough but we will win anyway!
....even to new heights of success and glory but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is Baltimore can be brought back maybe......
The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime and with very low inflation our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom but sometimes I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
Baltimore under the leadership of Elijah Cummings has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next Reverend Al will show up to complain & protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him & Don King always got along well. He “loved Trump!” He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man a troublemaker always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast/NBC. Hates Whites & Cops! 
Good luck with the book George should do well! 
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
“The Democrats hate this President so much they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE
....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats the current Director will....
Under the Trump Administration African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say “Thank you Mr. President!”
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district and Baltimore itself perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime & conditions in Baltimore) for decades and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
Speaking of failing badly has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi who was recently called racist by those in her own party that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...
....a look the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now lowest unemployment in U.S. history and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
“If it weren’t for Donald Trump we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanine
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot Democrat credibility is shot they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure drug prices trade....@JesseBWatters
The real Collusion the Conspiracy the Crime was between the Clinton Campaign the DNC Fusion GPS Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey McCabe Lisa Page and her lover Ohr and his wonderful wife and on and on!). @replouiegohmert
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation the answer was a clear unequivocal NO.” Misty Marris  @FoxNews  True but many other great “exonerating” things came out.....
....Robert Mueller’s testimony and the Mueller Report itself was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves they are totally lost they are Clowns!
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! 
Thank you @GOPLeader! 
Thanks @JudgeJeanine! 
.@RepCummings — your district! 
.@RepCummings why don’t you focus on your district!? 
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn’t have to) and even Mueller himself but now that both were a total BUST they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through “Oversight.” He does NOTHING for his very poor very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look.... #BlacksForTrump2020 
Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders which means CRIMECRIMECRIME!
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure over time by other countries.
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick & disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly & irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude & incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 & others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
Rep Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully shouting and screaming at the great men & women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour the Border is clean efficient & well run just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous & filthy place
Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
“@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home” 
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary Mark @EsperDoD! 
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them it should be their home Country the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver or relief for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA no Tariffs!
Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers or relief for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA no Tariffs!
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party there can be NO WAY with the greatest Economy in U.S. history that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries & before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary) have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....
“Taken for Granted” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed has my full Endorsement!
“Taken for Granted” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!
Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky
...What took place was completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!
Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
President Trump’s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52% a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends  Shouldn’t this be at 100%? Best stock market economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates very low inflation! Country doing great!
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
...impeachment you have a Party of one. It’s over.” @kilmeade  “Nancy said Jerry please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time & energy into the Mueller Report it turns out Mueller didn’t know what was in his Report.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
“Yesterday changed everything it really did clear the President. He wins.” @ainsleyearhardt  “It changed everything in favor of the President who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today you say.....
Appreciate it @LindseyGrahamSC thank you! 
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! 
.@JaySekulow and @RudyGiuliani on @SeanHannity moments ago... 
"THE WITCH HUNT IS OVER!" @SeanHannity 
Great job @ChrisPlanteShow! 
Thank you @TuckerCarlson @KimStrassel! 
Thank you Rep. @DevinNunes! 
Thank you Rep. @Jim_Jordan! 
Thank you @RepDougCollins! 
Thank you @GOPLeader McCarthy! 
“The Media’s Mueller Meltdown” @JesseBWatters 
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now...
The Democrats had nothing...
“Impeachment’s over!”@TerryMoran @ABCPolitics 
Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it! 
“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” @JesseBWatters  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller & the Democrats. Nevertheless the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!
TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning’s hearing. Now after 3 hours Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!
“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way and he said no.” In other words there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews
“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...
....interview including the Vice President of the United States!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION!
....interview including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the.....
So why didn’t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!
Why didn’t Robert Mueller & his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton Lyin’ & Leakin’ James Comey Lisa Page and her Psycho lover Peter S Andy McCabe the beautiful Ohr family Fusion GPS and many more  including HIMSELF & Andrew W?
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history by far!
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime try pinning it on a very innocent President and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn’t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?
So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What’s this all about? His lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!
The young leaders here today (@TPUSA) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future rebuilding YOUR Country restoring YOUR destiny and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS! 
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense Mark @EsperDoD! 
Oh well we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M.
THANK YOU @TPUSA! #MAGA 
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain’t what it used to be. Too bad!
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II was an extraordinary US Attorney Manhattan District Attorney and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....
....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau a legend will be greatly missed!
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!
When an old Wall at the Southern Border that is crumbling and falling over built in an important section to keep out problems is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!
In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020 because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar & the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever I will win the State! “We are going to be a nightmare to the President” she say. No AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!
....Tariffs Remittance Fees or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.
Guatemala which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people some with criminal records to the United States has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN”....
Farmers are starting to do great again after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China “replacement” money didn’t exactly hurt!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
....Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History Best V.A. in History (Choice) and MUCH MUCH MORE. Gee let’s impeach the President. The “Squad” (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!
Newest Poll: Only 11% in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well let’s see: We have the Best Economy in History the Best Employment Numbers in History Most People Working in History Highest Stock Market in History Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History..
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trish_regan
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trishregan
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border something which cannot do the job the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling with no poison pills....
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young inexperienced and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
....But the questions should be asked why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover Lisa Page deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION!...
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers & no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really does that sound like me? What advisors there were no talking points....
....except for those stated by me & “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean & belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel & our Country!
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does in the future turn down! Very inexpensive in fact productive  to move now. The Fed raised & tightened far too much & too fast. In other words they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!
....as we have done it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower & GDP & our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time & money. Also very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
With almost no inflation our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition Quantitative Tightening is continuing making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts which the Fake News Media will never do! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC 
Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured....
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer he must have seen how dangerous & bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis” as the Fake News Media & their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy freedom and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party but are weak & insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Presidential Harassment!
The Washington Post Story about my speech in North Carolina and tweet with its phony sources who do not exist is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm far greater than the Democrats. You’ll see in 2020!
Big progress at the Border but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much her child. Twitter if you’re watching please do what you have to do NOW!  @foxandfriends
Economic numbers reach an all time high the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail or an alternative....
....Our teams will be talking further and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!
You can add 10% or 15% to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before! 
Thank you Bill. Very nice! 
As you can see I did nothing to lead people on nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA! 
With the incompetent Mayor of London you will never have safe streets! 
Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
Thank you! #MAGA2020 
....Fed: There is almost no inflation!
I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed “raised” far too fast & too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition & winning big...
....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S. GROWTH which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words our interest costs are much higher than other countries when they should be lower. Correct!
....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President me. Then I saw the column he wrote “Trump Will Be Re-elected Won’t He?” He called me a Racist which I am not and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.....
....Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country & the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman a weak and pathetic sort of guy writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game golf. Two weeks ago while speaking to a friend on his cell phone I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
....Mainstream Media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota a...
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment & economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina but is totally calm & accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
....Mainstream Media which has lost all credibility has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota a...
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment & economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send he back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina but is totally calm & accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen....
Great new book “Justice On Trial The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer but as a lawyer with great experience....
....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the @WhiteHouse for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 @SpecialOlympics @WorldGamesAD! Congratulations @specialolyUSA! #Cheer4USA 
This should have been taken care of years ago the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!
Today on behalf of the American people I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy...
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today involving #USSBoxer a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone.... 
....of gang members in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted & arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands....
A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldn’t trust under any circumstance and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief much....
....of which was squandered away or wasted never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas & Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt & robbing the U.S. Government blind!
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indictedand & arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands.....
....of gang members in particular MS-13. Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker the American Family & the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte NC! 
Together we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe modern fair and LAWFUL system of immigration! #MAGA2020 
THANK YOU Greenville North Carolina! #MAGA2020 
The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President who has led the....
....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country the best job numbers biggest tax reduction rebuilt military and much more is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
See you tonight North Carolina! #MAGA2020 
GOD BLESS THE USA 
New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  #MAGA2020
After a ten year search the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!
Big Rally tonight in Greenville North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment & Stock Market Numbers EVER. I’ll talk also about people who love and hate our Country (mostly love)!  7:PM
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done not on drug pricing not on immigration not on infrastructure not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity yet all they want to do is go “fishing.” The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt they want results now!
...opinion they’re Americans. Now I’m entitled to my opinion & I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle & we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT and.....
....they are destroying the Democrat Party. I’m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I’m entitled to say that they’re Wack Jobs.”  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy
“In America if you hate our Country you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins they think that America is even more wicked now that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their.....
....visible members of the House Democrats who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements look at the horrible things they said about our Country Israel and much more. They are now the top most...
Yesterday it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse.... 
Looking forward to tomorrow night’s rally in Greenville North Carolina at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! 
Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.”  Thank you Kevin!
Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language statements and lies told by the Democrat.....
.....Congresswomen who I truly believe based on their actions hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8% Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!
Our Country is Free Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country or if you are not happy here you can leave!
If you come after the President the Country the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also buy Jason’s great new book POWER GRAB!
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile hateful and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate & yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel anti-USA pro-terrorist & public.....
.....shouting of the F...word among many other terrible things and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngle
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration built the Cages not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
....They are anti-Israel pro Al-Qaeda and comment on the 9/11 attack “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders which means drugs crime human trafficking and much more....
....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military highest Stock Market EVER lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country....
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC NBC CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost they all got it wrong on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!”  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?
“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists they hate Israel they hate our own Country they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s....
....they are Anti-Semitic they are Anti-America we don’t need to know anything about them personally talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting that the American people will reject......
....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language & racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular & unrepresentative Congresswomen it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President for the foul language they have used and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them & their horrible & disgusting actions!
....with the U.S. and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing & pumping not by the U.S. taxpayer!
China’s 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal....
We are doing great Economically as a Country Number One despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who in addition hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted they call their adversaries including Nancy Pelosi “RACIST.” Their disgusting language.....
Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media in partnership with the Democrats! 
.....Sorry can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded tell them not to come to USA and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
Friday’s tour showed vividly to politicians and the media how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals......
Thank you so nice but we are getting it done anyway! 
So interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe the worst most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all) now loudly......
....and viciously telling the people of the United States the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth how our government is to be run. Why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how....
....it is done. These places need your help badly you can’t leave fast enough. I’m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher smarter and a far better fundraiser Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul’s final year numbers were according to Breitbart “abysmal.” People like.....
....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak ineffective & stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans or the CITIZENS of our Country were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us “the insurance policy.” 
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps for wife’s campaign while Hillary was under “investigation” by FBI! 
"EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!" 
"BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE" @SeanHannity 
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio! 
Leaving the Great State of Ohio! 
The DOW S&P 500 and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high! 
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime borders & our 2nd A. Loves our Military & our Vets. Has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men & women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas & Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman & Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have & do great UNITY in PA!
....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella the current Deputy Secretary.
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration which he so strongly believes in and he graciously tendered his resignation....
Wow @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!
....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level they would all come back and fast. But very happy with the deal I made...
.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar except they devalue currency & subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed) Tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producer and  most importantly a powerful way to get......
@SebGorka Wins Big No Contest!
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane! 
Interesting! 
Thank you! 
....He had the Majority & blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
Paul Ryan the failed V.P. candidate & former Speaker of the House whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President) ultimately became a long running lame duck failure leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser & leader......
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin & booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall & failed (happening anyway!)......
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH! 
#SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse 
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together you reach more people than any television broadcast BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit 
....Similarly Facebook Libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations just like other Banks both National...
...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA and it is stronger than ever both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies which are not money and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior including drug trade and other illegal activity....
To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes & loved ones from flooding & the coming storm it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA State & Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared be careful & be SAFE!
Today I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency more accountability and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit 
...years or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding) they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility or approval from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden or Alfred E. Newman...
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th) as your President rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with and finally the Fake News Media!
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there but for a limited period..
...The Fake News is not as important or as powerful as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November 2016 that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Dow just hit 27000 for first time EVER!
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” @BillHemmer @FoxNews
Mexico is doing great at the Border but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly......
....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion No Obstruction Report. Enough already go back to work! I won unanimously the big Emoluments case yesterday!
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages Inhumane Treatment at the Border” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends
....And remember a bank that I did use years ago the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business and so did many others!
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t (don’t) need their money (old fashioned isn’t it?). If I did it would have been very easy for me to get.
Robert Johnson B.E.T. “I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall if you look at the U.S. Economy and you look at.....
....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth you’ve got to give the President an A Plus for that.”  Thank you Robert one of our great business leaders!
....months the lowest since 1972.” The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle
“Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.....
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country in St. Louis Park Minnesota is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
....The Fake News is not as important or as powerful as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November 2016 that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six......
....years or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding) they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility or approval from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden or @AlfredENeuman99..
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1000/24th) as your President rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with and finally the Fake News Media!
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there but for a limited period..
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.
THANK YOU BILL! 
Thank you so much @JonVoight!
....Thank you to Lockheed Martin one of the USA’s truly great companies!
I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson CEO of Lockheed Martin of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville Pennsylvania open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there....
Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime Borders and loves our Second Amendment our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Thank you Robert Johnson! 
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order Advancing American Kidney Health...
Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don’t make money but lose a fortune for the honor of.....
....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!).
Iran has long been secretly “enriching” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased substantially!
The Dems Witch Hunt continues! 
....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman he’s pushing for lives to be better.” Michael Brown CEO Hydromatic Tech
“Our company has grown since Trump has taken control of the White House & the Presidency in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we’ve been wanting to do for quite some time and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.....
“FBI’s Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel & Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.” John Solomon The Hill. @seanhannity
“The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....” @RudyGiuliani 
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their “Enemy.” They put out the name of a store brand or company and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don’t care who gets hurt but also don’t understand that two can play that game!
A truly great patriotic & charitable man Bernie Marcus the co-founder of Home Depot who at the age of 90 is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed....
....to your favorite President me! These people are vicious and totally crazed but remember there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress the Senate Majority Leader for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!
Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell with someone who compared my election to September 11th....
After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar @TamimBinHamad it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon! 
Recent “strained” decisions by the United States Supreme Court some so simple as allowing the question “Are you a citizen of the United States” on our very expensive Census Report or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the world’s most expensive & pathetic......
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place when it would have been replaced by something far better shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN
“With President Trump at the helm not only is America getting great again but he’s going to make our estuaries our rivers our water - everything better - the things he is doing and done are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends
“I agree with the President the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.”  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country and Prime Minister May about their failed Brexit negotiation and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy & Military  anywhere in the World by far...
....and they are both only getting bigger better and stronger.....Thank you Mr. President!
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years but that is changing!
Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!
I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador but he is not liked or well....
....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer Dr. John Eastman said the Special Prosecutor (Mueller) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM! 
Thank you Ari! 
A massive crowd that Fake News & some Dems didn’t want to Report! 
Cute! 
Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts & failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox including Shep Smith by far....
....their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors who are terrible go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
.....Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters who do whatever Brian & Steve tell them to do. Like CNN NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates is now loading up with Democrats & even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as....
...a “source” of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe & what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars) or their old headquarters building disaster or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast but they forgot the people who got them there!
Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero & got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......
We are building the Wall now but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate & needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us want Open Borders!
....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol and others in Law Enforcement have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News & the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.....
....brought up not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
The Fake News Media in particular the Failing @nytimes is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all people should not be entering our Country illegally only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....
Congratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down but things have been and are being put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion we would get big results very fast!
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won’t win!
A wonderful man and great Republican! 
Great Coach Great Guy! 
Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom well deserved! 
Democrats must change the Loophole & Asylum Laws - but they probably won’t! They want Open Borders which means massive crime and drugs! 
Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you Mr. President! 
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election when the Market shot right up it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created & used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors it is the Federal Reserve!
Strong jobs report low inflation and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn’t have a clue! They raised rates too soon too often & tightened while others did just the opposite....
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline his wonderful daughter Kameron and their friends on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!
Happy Birthday to our great United States @SecretService! 
“Record 157005000 Employed; 19th Record of Trump Era” 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Tammy is a great person! 
Thanks Ari! 
Thank you Marc! 
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica 
#SaluteToAmerica#July4th 
Weather looking good clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest & most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country SALUTE TO AMERICA an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low & loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M. but be there early. Then at 9:00 P.M. a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country SALUTE TO AMERICA an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low & loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M. but be there early. Then at 9:00 P.M. a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic “Are you a Citizen of the United States?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this even on the 4th of July!
Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
.....Now if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border both humanitarian and otherwise tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws which could be easily fixed are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....
.....came from and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look even if perfect the Democrat visitors will act shocked & aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or to state it differently FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward as we must because of the importance of the answer to this question.
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher his wonderful wife Andrea and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes we have the pilots the airport is right next door (Andrews) all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
S&P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States and others who paid NOTHING long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States won’t allow a question of “Is this person a Citizen of the United States?” to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice....
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions and this very important case to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
Thanks @RobertJeffress! 
More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday’s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington D.C. #SaluteToAmerica 
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton Ph. D. U.S. Executive Dir European Bank of Reconstruction & Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton Ph. D. U.S. Executive Dir European Bank of Reconstruction & Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller Ph. D. Executive VP and Director of Research Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Missouri to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
....Prior to his current position Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “Fireworks by Grucci" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report & that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony & total transparency this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
Big 4th of July in D.C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon & our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this & showing to the American people among other things the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers & biggest ever Fireworks!
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
As most people are aware according to the Polls I won EVERY debate including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton despite the fact that in the first debate they modulated the sound on me and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked but you never know?
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state like what they are doing to our great NRA which I think will move quickly to Texas where they are loved.....
...Texas will defend them & indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high then they sue you just to complete the job
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called conspicuously and accurately “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!
....In the meantime our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....
I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country & its future. We are setting records in so many ways & we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration & I am so thankful!
That’s right The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus with Zero rent or expenses charged and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So on top of ridiculously high taxes my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent & expenses & gave away...
....more money than it had. Going on for years originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair A.G. Eric Schneiderman until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
.....why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit.” Harry Kazianis Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave & will now be staying. New York & others should start changing their thought process on taxes fast!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WSJ Our Country is doing great!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great!
“Stock had the Best First Half since 1997.” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All or at least most of those things are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea an important statement for all and a great honor!
The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world with GREAT & UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!
The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74% and that despite all of the Fake & Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with and speak to our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies and President Xi I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large.....
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with and speak to our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies and President Xi I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that during the negotiation they will begin purchasing large......
Thank you #G20OsakaSummit 
After some very important meetings including my meeting with President Xi of China I will be leaving Japan for South Korea (with President Moon). While there if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this I would meet him at the Border/DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello(?)!
54% in Poll! I would be at 75% (with our great economy maybe the best ever) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!
I am in Japan at the G-20 representing our Country well but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election all the way up to the day that I took office because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!
Great to be back in Japan for the #G20OsakaSummit
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
Seems totally ridiculous that our government and indeed Country cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive detailed and important Census in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census no matter how long until the.....
.....United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Thank you! #G20Summit 
Thank you @MSNBC real professionals! @chucktodd @maddow 
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!
Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops! 
.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization which they are!
BORING!
These flyers depict Australia’s policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned! 
.@ByronYork: “What now for those who denied a 'crisis' at the border?” 
....They came to me asking for help and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill pushed hard by @JoeBiden together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton which inflicted great pain on many but especially the African American Community Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
For tonight’s #DemDebate be sure to follow @TeamTrump @TrumpWarRoom @Parscale @KayleighMcEnany @TimMurtaugh and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE FACT CHECKING and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry I’m on Air Force One off to save the Free World!
....and all of the others who have leaked lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey Brennan Clapper Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted) Crooked Hillary Podesta Ohr (and Nellie) the GPS Fusion characters Christopher Steele the DNC (& their missing server)....
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border 84-8! In addition to aid Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children Trafficking Women and Selling Drugs.
....No Collusion No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference as later corrected. Now the Dems want to  give it another try. Does it ever end?
According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO) and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER after 2 1/2 years and $40000000 will turn things around....
“I have been in office for many years the Military is very important to me and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka Japan!🇯🇵 
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
....in our Country’s history and the poverty index is also best number EVER) leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team and Women’s Soccer but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
....invited Megan or the team but I am now inviting the TEAM win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country the White House or our Flag especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
Women’s soccer player @mPinoe just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA which now refuses to call owners owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
....invited Megan or the team but I am now inviting the TEAM win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country the White House or our Flag especially since so much has been done for her & the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
Women’s soccer player @meganrapino just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA which now refuses to call owners owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
....in our Country’s history and the poverty index is also best number EVER) leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team and Women’s Soccer but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
Democrats want Open Borders which equals violent crime drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders which means crime. But we are getting it done including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good the best in history.
Wow @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail(no credibility) and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBartiromo are doing great! 
Presidential Harassment!
Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!
Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today we honor your extraordinary courage we salute your selfless service and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world! 
Today it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia (HERO) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah. #MOH 
A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C. and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way....
....Martha is strong on Crime and Borders the 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement put out today only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry & Obama!
Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion” they never have. Sadly the thing they do understand is Strength and Power and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s & EFP’s (bombs) which killed 2000 Americans and wounded many more...
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
I am pleased to announce the launch of . This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I’m pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation other parts of world slowing lowering & easing) & did large scale tightening $50 Billion/month we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history...
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick like a stubborn child when we need rates cuts & easing to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast (very low inflation other parts of world slowing lowering & easing) & did large scale tightening $50 Billion/month we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U.S. history..
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick like a stubborn child when we need rates cuts & easing to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
....a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
China gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight Japan 62% & many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been....
When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth treasure and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great with unlimited upside into the future!
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
I never called the strike against Iran “BACK” as people are incorrectly reporting I just stopped it from going forward at this time!
At the request of Democrats I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not Deportations start!
....Sanctions come off Iran and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
I am at Camp David working on many things including Iran! We have a great Economy Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN & on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
Thank you Jessica! 
A great book! 
Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WSJ
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WallStreetJour
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country & now by staying.
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry our Military is rebuilt new  and ready to go by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting & more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons not against the USA and not against the WORLD!
....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked & loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked how many will die. 150 people sir was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it not....
....Death to America. I terminated deal which was not even ratified by Congress and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons and SOON. Instead of saying thank you Iran yelled.....
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me & those associated with me to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
S&P closes at Record High! 
It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau at the @WhiteHouse today!🇨🇦 
Iran made a very big mistake!
“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)
S&P opens at Record High!
Since Election Day 2016 Stocks up almost 50% Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value and more than 5000000 new jobs added to the Economy. @LouDobbs If our opponent had won there would have been a market crash plain and simple! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami) Florida and heading to the Oval Office where I will present the great Economist Dr. Arthur Laffer with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews  9 P.M. Enjoy!
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell for 3 years now after total exoneration by Robert Mueller & the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair & costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren’t they.......
If I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime the Democrats would have played it straight I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy winning by 20 points. But I’m winning anyway!
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!
....33000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report so after almost 3 years they want a Redo or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the.....
THANK YOU! #Trump2020 
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family YOUR future & the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record the best results the best agenda & the only positive VISION for our Country’s future! #Trump2020 
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don’t have the character the virtue or the spine! #Trump2020 
On no issue are Democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020 
Together we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU! #Trump2020 
THANK YOU ORLANDO FLORIDA!
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!
Departing for Orlando Florida with @FLOTUS Melania! 
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan who has done a wonderful job has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....
....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army Mark Esper to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”  @business
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
The Fake News doesn’t report it but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando Florida right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!
European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years along with China and others.
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic no spirit no hope. More importantly No Collusion No Obstruction!
Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. @FoxNews  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which if they exist at all which I doubt are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico using their strong immigration laws is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes and fix asylum! If so Border Crisis will end quickly!
.@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record I didn’t spend 30 hours with @abcnews but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier
One size doesn’t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you! 
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando Florida looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100000 requests. Our Country is doing great far beyond what the haters & losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister a great honor! 
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. “I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.” I agree and that is the only reason they play the impeach card which cannot be legally used!
Almost 70% in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!
So nice! 
......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele a foreign agent paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.........
Thank you PM @Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!🇮🇱 
Happy Father’s Day to all including my worst and most vicious critics of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country the Enemy of the People but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good.....
.....news is that at the end of 6 years after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT) both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business & be forever gone!
.....saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.” @JedediahBila  “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” @FoxNews  “All around the Country people are.......
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends
....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate however because people from California & all over the land are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals Drugs or Trafficking!
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State & forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews
.....ALSO NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do or say whatever it takes with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story any story even if bad for our Country.....
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews as I did in 2016 in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event enjoy the show!
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect & distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M. and is called “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....
.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event enjoy the show!
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews as I did in 2016 in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @abcnews. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect & distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M. and is called “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London! 
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse! 
Thank you Steve & family! 
The Trump Economy is setting records and has a long way up to go....However if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well) there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!”  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country we are doing great in the Polls even better than in 2016 and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” @OANN  Hey we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years WHY NOT?
“The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!” @OANN
....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson CEO of @LockheedMartin about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon....
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #MAGA 
Announcing great expanded HRAs—big win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage. 
The Radical Left Dems are working hard but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard thank you! 
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Natalie Harp fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!
Thank you Jason Chaffetz! #MAGA 
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job live a crime-free life and succeed beyond their dreams....
After 3 1/2 years our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas....
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah thank you for a job well done!
"It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for today's attacks in the Gulf of Oman...."@StateDept @SecPompeo 
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready and neither are we!
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready and neither are we!
They’ve been wrong all along! 
....and other really bad people SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest & worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative did he call the FBI or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats...
When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length and in great detail about extremely negative information on me with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative did he immediately call the FBI? NO in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.) the Prince of Wales the P.M. of the United Kingdom the P.M. of Ireland the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately....
....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
.....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.) the Prince of Whales the P.M. of the United Kingdom the P.M. of Ireland the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.....
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco” or Unhinged as they like to say!
....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz Constitutional Lawyer
“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason bribery high crimes &  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence Impeachment...
.....much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court but the House doesn’t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans) attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing Infrastructure & many other things.
Unrelated to Russia Russia Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report) House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. & Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
General Michael Flynn the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction has not retained a good lawyer he has retained a GREAT LAWYER Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
“It’s about peace and Prosperity that’s how Republican Presidents get elected and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger & Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin pollster
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate because there would be no more Tariffs no more demands that China stop stealing our IP things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers & workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
“It’s about peace and Properity that’s how Republican Presidents get elected and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin pollster
“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate because there would be no more Tariffs no more demands that China stop stealing our IP things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers & workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
Thank you very much! 
is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris. 
Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&S. 
Our Farmers deserve this they are GREAT! 
Thank you! 
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and @NCGOP Chairman! 
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally! 
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016 but this is worse.....
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th Tuesday ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando Florida already has 74000 requests for a 20000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016 but this is worse.........
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th Tuesday ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando Florida already has 74000 requests for a 20000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean that seems like a headline to me?” @TuckerCarlson  It will all start coming out and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nation’s Farmers. May God bless you and may God Bless America! 
“Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use” 
Today here in Iowa we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL! 
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers & rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job & support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScott
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S.
...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level they would all come back and pass. But very happy with the deal I made...
Maria Dagan Steve Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed) Tariffs are a great negotiating tool a great revenue producers and  most importantly a powerful way to get......
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! 
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION a beautiful thing!
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! 
Sad when you think about it but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020!” @LindseyGrahamSC
“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success) and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline New York Post. @foxandfriends  The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
New book just out “The Real Deal My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart & know me well George Sorial & Damian Bates as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
#AmericaFIRST #MAGA 
Despite the Phony Witch Hunt we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!! 
Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner @IMS @SimonPagenaud and @Team_Penske! @IndyCar🏆🏁 
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
Thank you @MarkLevinShow and John Eastman! 
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..
....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming Tariffs will be reinstated!
Now with our new deal Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact the Democrats are doing NOTHING they want Open Borderswhich means Illigal Immigration Drugs and Crime.
The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue bad reporting and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters later increased to 18. But despite the bias when the Report came out the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to........
....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40000000) the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo or Do Over. They are even bringing in @CNN sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry no Do Overs - Go back to work!
If President Obama made the deals that I have made both at the Border and for the Economy the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible & a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done no credit!
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
Another false report in the Failing  @nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time as have other administrations but were not able to get them or get them in full until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally and for many years....
.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had or didn’t have and now I have full confidence especially after speaking to their President yesterday that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly some things.....
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release one in particular were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico & the USA something that didn’t exist for decades. However if for some unknown reason...
.....there is not we can always go back to our previous very profitable position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes & ratings challenged @CNN will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media or people who work for the Corrupt Media when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is if you don’t hit back people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
Little @DonnyDeutsch whose show like his previous shoebiz tries is a disaster has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He & separately @ErinBurnett used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad) but that was it. Hardly knew him..
....other than to know he was and is a total Loser. When he makes statements about me they are made up he knows nothing!
Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry Basketball Hall of Famer on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man Mark Levin who has the number one bestselling book Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Just watched the Great @RickBarry44 Backetball Hall of Famer on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man Mark Levin who has the number one bestselling book Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings along with CNN are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador and his foreign minister Marcelo Ebrard together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi & the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA the spectacular & very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers Manufacturers & Unions!
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Mexico will try very hard and if they do that this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Brandon Judd National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S.” Also 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media such as Comcast/NBC CNN @nytimes & @washingtonpost. These “Fakers” are Bad News!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday against Mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to....
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday against Mexico are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico in turn has agreed to take strong measures to......
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce or eliminate Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
For all of the money we are spending NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing including Mars (of which the Moon is a part) Defense and Science!
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico & there is a good chance that we will they will begin purchasing Farm & Agricultural products at very high levels starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!
...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal & unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions & Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy & Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
....and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal & unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions & Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy & Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress...
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking in Billions!
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 
“Mueller’s report was pure political garbage!” @SeanHannity 
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
#DDay75thAnniversary 
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA FL IA NE NC and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me they would have been shut out! 
To the men who sit behind me and to the boys who rest in the field before me: your example will never grow old. Your legend will never tire and your spirit - brave unyielding and true - will NEVER DIE! #DDay75thAnniversary 
Today we remember those who fell and we honor all who fought here in Normandy. They won back this ground for civilization. To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today: You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live! #DDay75thAnniversary 
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
#DDay75thAnniversary 
Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived. We are eternally grateful! #DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 
A big and beautiful day today!
“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.”  @seanhannity  The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings along with @CNN!
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133000 because of Mexico & the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that if no agreement is reached Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of history’s darkest hours. #DDay75 
“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way & that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you @GOPLeader
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless despite the Fake News we’re doing great!
House Democrats fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal Court) on the Wall  keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report especially with his corrective letter & now want a Do Over!
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.” @IngrahamAngle
.@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless despite the Fake News we’re doing great!
I kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds which the Corrupt Media hates to show were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big & enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies not people to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!
#USStateVisit🇬🇧 
Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud for all to hear that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs & Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice no bluff!
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
Thank you @Theresa_May!🇬🇧 
#USStateVisit🇬🇧 
House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.
As a sign of good faith Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet but I’m sure the....
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while I turned it off. All negative & so much Fake News very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking Billions!
Thank you! 🇬🇧 
....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC de Blasio who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
.@SadiqKhan who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London not me......
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
Kevin Hassett who has done such a great job for me and the Administration will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
Hearing word that Russia Syria and to a lesser extent Iran are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose what will it get you? STOP!
Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress go back to work and help us at the Border with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
Peggy Noonan the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement Peggy never understood it!
I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media and they got caught cold! Will @CNN @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin Constitutional Scholar. Meantime the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work much to do!
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers Cartels Human Traffickers....
....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants which they can do very easily or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nation’s highest civilian honor The Presidential Medal of Freedom for his outstanding career both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry! @Sen_JoeManchin 
THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you @marcthiessen. 
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin. 
Thank you so much Franklin! 
When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!
....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies & jobs the foolish Pols let it happen and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S. not to mention the Drugs & Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords Cartels & Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
Washington Post got it wrong as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China not 200 BD. Also China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming devalue their currency yet companies are moving to.....
The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
Emmet Flood who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job – NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.
Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there and will be for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania Vice President Mike Pence and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando Florida at the 20000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets: 
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA 
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish imprison or even execute individuals....
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
.@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E) exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests a must see – Enjoy!
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto a Navajo Code Talker in World War II over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John Rest In Peace!
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico & our Southern Border. 80000 people died last year 1000000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years & nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
In order not to pay Tariffs if they start rising companies will leave Mexico which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders which equals crime!
Congratulations to the @AF_Academy Class of 2019! 
Sean Davis The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion and no new evidence from Mueller.”  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
On June 10th the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico and into our Country STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied..
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration or even Fake News - but why not everything else is!
Yesterday Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever: 1036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border! 
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”  @kilmeade
Congressman John Ratcliffe “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews
Russia Russia Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner the Fake News Media.....
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false accusation and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia Russia Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner the Fake News Media.....
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist this horrendous false acquisition and he shouldn’t fight back he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40000000 over two dark years with unlimited access people resources and cooperation highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges if he had ANYTHING but there were no charges to bring!
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
Great show tonight @seanhannity you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews) that’s why you’re Number One (by far)! Also please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore in our Country a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
...If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020 many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!
Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore and unlike many other Republican leaders wanted him to win. But he didn’t and probably won’t.....
THANK YOU JAPAN!🇯🇵 
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot” and many other things whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
.@GovMikeDeWine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
GOD BLESS THE USA 
Spoke with @GovStitt of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.
Can’t wait to see you all soon! 
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I on the other hand was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform which had tremendous support & helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
....Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I on the other hand was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform which had tremendous support and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump 'could well be treason' 
#MemorialDay 
The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Impeach for what having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Country’s history rebuilding our Military taking care of our Vets (Choice) Judges Best Jobs Numbers Ever and much more? Dems are Obstructionists! 
.@ianbremmer now admits that he MADE UP “a completely ludicrous quote” attributing it to me. This is what’s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!
Great evening last night thank you! 
Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan very early in the morning but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both & TEAM at the WH!
The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington D.C. next year & hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be & where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men & women of the Pentagon for working it out!
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” @marklevinshow  @JudgeJeanine  How about the Dems also?
Thank you @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! #POTUSinJapan🇯🇵 
Tonight in Tokyo Japan at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan Stadium it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. President’s Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all thank you @AbeShinzo!! 
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!
Great morning of golf with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo at Mobara Country Club in Chiba Japan! 
North Korea fired off some small weapons which disturbed some of my people and others but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me & also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual & worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus @TigerWoods and @PhilMickelson — I said what about @GaryPlayer they said we love Gary too!
North Korea fired off some small weapons which disturbed some of my people and others but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me & also smiled when he called Swampman Joe  Bidan a low IQ individual & worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
In addition to great incompetence and corruption The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff and not even an apology to millions of people!
Thank you John so nice! 
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇯🇵
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help I will!
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
The real trade war began 30 years ago and we lost. This is a bright new Age the Age of Enlightenment. We don’t lose anymore! 
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS departing shortly for Japan! 
.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
....(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.
Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together in particular with our Courts 107 Federal Judges....
Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the United States His Majesty the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. 
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring on behalf of the United States His Majesty the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo.
Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday & the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “The Old Guard.” Great job @TomCottonAR!
I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states loud & clear & for all to hear No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
“If they try to Impeach President Trump who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion) they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors except for those committed by the other side!
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television Don Lemon!
71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll
“PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE” 
“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?”  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs
“Today at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities....
....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information....
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred and the actions that were taken during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec
@FoxNews Poll: A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems can’t get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!
The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill with my total approval. Great!
We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn 
Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
.@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient and we are here to assist. 
When the Democrats in Congress refinish for the 5th time their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer knowing that they would say I was raging which they always do along with their partner the Fake News Media. Well so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake & Corrupt Press!
Rex Tillerson a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!
....drug prices pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do six committees is squander time day after day trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before & it should never happen again!
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report which didn’t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure lower.....
Democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!
In a letter to her House colleagues Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
I want to welcome you all to the @WhiteHouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation’s highest public safety award – The Medal of Valor...
....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart but I will continue to set records for the American People – and Nancy thank you so much for your prayers I know you truly mean it!
....But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck Nancy Jerry Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....
....In the meantime my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history....
So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America or get back to work....
As I have long been saying and has now been proven out this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself and it was the other side that caused the problem not us!
..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama.” Wall Street Journal Editorial BoardToday - May 21 2019
“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know for a change.”  Michael Goodwin @newyorkpost
Everybody including me thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction (of a crime caused by others) that was the end. But no the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is the Haters say that is not a new Wall but rather a renovation. Wrong and we must build where most needed....
Also tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective and bringing them to a very high standard!
Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt my poll numbers especially because of our historically “great” economy would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong the Witch Hunt!
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words the Witch Hunt continues!
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump even though he did nothin wrong while they “fish!”
Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt you are doing a fantastic job!
Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
John Brennan on the Mueller probe “I don’t know if I received bad information but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition wanting to interview the same people and see the same things as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!
After spending 40 Million Dollars reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents & interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats so they want a DO OVER. It doesn’t work that way-so bad for our Country!
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
Wow Mark Levin’s new book opened at #1. It is great – keep it there for a long time! 
Johnny we will miss you – you did a great job! 
So even though I didn’t have to do it with Presidential Privilege I allowed everyone to testify including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours) to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats and they arrived....
....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report so now they want a do-over.
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries including Mexico should have the right to flow into the U.S. & that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats our Immigration Laws are totally flawed & broken...
To the great people of Kentucky please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania! 
Megan King who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me! 
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you I love you! #MAGA 
Landing shortly in Montoursville Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly! 
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
See you tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern Montoursville Pennsylvania! #MAGA 
The Fake News put out a typically false statement without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
On this Cuban Independence Day we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans & Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler Schiff  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
“We have a booming economy and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends
Two Tweets missing from last batch probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years) and others of the Fake News Media keep writing phony stories about how I didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn’t need money. Very old
....fashioned but true. When you don’t need or want money you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don’t even exist)......
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No I built a great business and don’t need banks but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
The Mainstream Media hates to cover this! 
Starting Monday our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion! 
Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates and they just want in. They forgot the people.....
....who got them there. Chris Wallace said “I actually think whether you like his opinions or not that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.” Gee he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
If Iran wants to fight that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
False reporting yesterday. “There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities including Florida.” @FoxNews  Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL will not and can not take you in!
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!
With the wonderful College University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever great housing and financing. Go out there work hard & have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
Never a fan of @justinamash a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report “composed” by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump....
....he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and ultimately NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and in fact the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!
....Conditions drug prices down for first time in 51 years (& soon will drop much further) Right to Try protecting your 2nd Amendment big Tax & Reg Cuts 3.2 GDP Strong Foreign Policy & much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!
For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows whose bias & dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history our Military which....
....was a depleted disaster will soon be stronger than ever before our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice our Courts will have 145 great new Judges and 2 Supreme Court Justices got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate & will protect Pre-Existing....
....Federal Judges (many more to come) two great new Supreme Court Justices the Mexico City Policy and a whole new & positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left with late term abortion (and worse) is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....
....for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one all of our hard fought gains for Life can and will rapidly disappear!
As most people know and for those who would like to know I am strongly Pro-Life with the three exceptions - Rape Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.....
Courts & Dems in Congress neither of which have a clue are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL OUR DETENTION CENTERS HOSPITALS & SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!
Thank you Dan! 
Word is out that book is GREAT! 
Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN! 
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today and every day we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nation’s uniforms!  
Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews
Today it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS! 
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but if that was the case and with me being one of two people who would become president why was I not told so that I could make a change?
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot poorly sourced (made up) and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think which at this point may very well be a good thing!
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences and this was TREASON!
New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriends
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriends
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable you will be leaving soon!
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres” of which there are many are being detained & will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch & Telease loophole are being registered and will be removed later!
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that if we work together it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
.@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won’t last long! 
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair modern & LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted our plan will transform America’s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world. 
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime Loves our Military Vets 2A and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC considered the worst mayor in the U.S. will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE but if you like high taxes & crime he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
The Fake News Washington Post and even more Fake News New York Times are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides views and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
We stand firmly strongly and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough but Americans across this Country love you support you and respect you more than you could possibly know! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
The courage & sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall our hearts beat with pride and our Country remains one people one family and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today we thank you we honor you & we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue! 
Thank you Joe and remember the BRAIN is much sharper also! 
The golden era of American energy is now underway! 
With incredible grit skill and pride the 7000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE! 
It is great to be here in Hackberry Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world! 
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
When Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan visited with me in the @WhiteHouse two weeks ago I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas @TomCottonAR has just completed a wonderful book “Sacred Duty” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today make it big!
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates as always in order to make up for the business they are and will be losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match” it would be game over we win! In any event China wants a deal!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas @TomCottonAR has just completed a wonderful book “Sacred Duty” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today make it big!
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product the best but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy......
....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China and others to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but as I have told him many times before this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....
....of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen and much faster than people think!
We can make a deal with China tomorrow before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in.....
Billions of Dollars and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!
....so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them by almost 500 Billion Dollars so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China.....
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25% Tariff on “dumped” steel from China & other countries and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries both of which are coming back strong!
I met Marine Sgt. John Peck a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant at Walter Reed in 2017. Today it was my honor to welcome John (HERO) to the Oval with his wonderful wife Jessica. He also wrote a book that I highly recommend “Rebuilding Sergeant Peck.” 
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U.S. EVER from a South Korean company & thousands more jobs for Americans. Great partners like ROK know the U.S. economy is running stronger than ever! 
Today I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT @SpecialOlympics whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
We must protect our Great Lakes keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. That’s why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.
Under my Administration we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!
My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment.
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S. 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also the Tariffs can be.....
...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said and says?
Bernie Sanders “The Economy is doing well and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie the Economy is doing GREAT and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours) Crooked Hillary Clinton had ever won!
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way the Boston players were GREAT guys!
The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2% GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just don’t get it!
Also congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (“thank you President Trump”)!
Thank you @foxandfriends great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!
I say openly to President Xi & all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal almost completed & you backed out!
Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S. 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also the Tariffs can be.....
....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
“It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General who is very sophisticated & knows it isn’t about him it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of......
information! As long as President Trump is President his opposition will use every tool and misuse every tool available to make his life miserable.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs  Sadly this proves I am doing a great job - Also Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration continued through the Mueller FBI operation & now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....
....overthrow the President through an illegal coup.” (Recommended by previous DOJ) @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.” @LouDobbs
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden or any of the others gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course) it was supposed to be over back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020 or little will get done!
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion & No Obstruction the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies and with NO REASON. That’s all they want to do - don’t care about anything else!
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax the biggest in American history!
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their partner the Fake News Media are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history best...
....employment numbers ever low taxes & regulations a rebuilt military & V.A. many great new judges & so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation a Witch Hunt a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis & hopefully guilty people will pay!
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember they broke the deal with us & tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal) or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
....We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture) which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
Really sad! 
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office I was under a sick & unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history and it all turned out to be a total scam a Witch Hunt that yielded No Collusion No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
“The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did and should be fearful. This is a tough.....
....President who is willing to have the battle and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins  @LouDobbs
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy & employment numbers in U.S. history & much more) and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election 2020 to see if they could get lucky & have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion they only want to talk about Obstruction even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am) and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day we honor our Nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do! 
Over the course of the past two days the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one and conversations....
....into the future will continue. In the meantime the United States has imposed Tariffs on China which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromo
Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS the greatest anywhere in the World!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration or the Administration of Sleepy Joe who let China get away with “murder!”
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods & products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor & starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods & products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S....
V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year for many years on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods & products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor & starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers in larger amounts than China ever did and ship it to poor & starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also much easier & quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better faster and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted or go to new source!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers far more than China buys now we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure Healthcare or anything else. China would greatly slow down and we would automatically speed up!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods & products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S.......
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods & products a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in we will buy.....
Republicans must stick together! 
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI & will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down almost all Republicans & Democrats thought he should be FIRED but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men & women who work there!
House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States Farmers & Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!
Today it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston @RedSox to the @WhiteHouse! 
Great news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America! 
After a great rally in Panama City Beach Florida - I am returning to Washington D.C. with @SenRickScott and Senator @MarcoRubio discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach Florida. Thank you! #MAGA
Big crowds in Panama City Beach Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes! @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @SeanHannity 
Just landed in Panama City Beach Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannity
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!
“The reality is with the Tariffs the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici Former Chief Economist USITC
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places the Florida Panhandle where we’ve given and are giving billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!
Thank you @NewtGingrich & @FoxandFriends! 
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
Republicans shouldn’t vote for H.R. 312 a special interest casino Bill backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!
....in 3 separate locations creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B your GREAT Governor and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back and much more THE USA IS BOOMING!
GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors who informed me that subject to a UAW agreement etc. GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700000000 in Ohio...
“This British Spy Christopher Steele tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  @kilmeade @foxandfriends
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion & people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed how Intelligence Agencies FBI tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?” @SteveForbesCEO @MariaBartiromo
“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo
....Guess what that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We’ll see but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S. not good for China!
The reason for the China pullback & attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come....
Real estate developers in the 1980’s & 1990’s more than 30 years ago were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would if one was actively building show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered “tax shelter” ......
....you would get it by building or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks it was sport. Additionally the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
“CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR 
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS after many years of not having any are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad! 
'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump Red Counties Economically Thrive  via @BreitbartNews
Congratulations @TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind! 
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not harsh measures will have to be taken!
Today it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy—for the second year in a row to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories and keep on making us proud! 
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!
Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief 91 Billion Dollars than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example Florida got $12 Billion & Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to......
....Alabama Iowa Nebraska Georgia South Carolina North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!
Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty actually like never before. Don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing!
The United States has been losing for many years 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry we’re not going to be doing that anymore!
“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” @OANN  In other words Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history.....
Also there are “No High Crimes & Misdemeanors” No Collusion No Conspiracy No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE and that’s what the Dems should be looking at but they won’t. Nevertheless the tables are turning!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Once again Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens....
....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“This is not Congressional Oversight this is bullying.” Jason Riley The Wall Street Journal
“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque in other words I’m not going to charge this person (there wasn’t even close to being a crime) but I’m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray
After spending more than $35000000 over a two year period interviewing 500 people using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats & 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller.......
....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report) and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!
For 10 months China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars....
....of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed but will be shortly at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues but too slowly as they attempt to renegotiate. No!
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough & tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track actually a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
Mike has been a fantastic Senator! 
How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others) a strong but responsible Conservative Voice is banned from Twitter? Social Media & Fake News Media together with their partner the Democrat Party have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
Today May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters thank you! #ThankAFirefighter 
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea & will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him & does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter & Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
So great to watch this! 
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity
As the great people of IA IL & MO continue to confront the devastating flooding know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor @GovParsonMO @GovPritzker and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter and Paul Watson banned from Facebook! 
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching closely!!
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn’t get it!  
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime Second Amendment Military Vets and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said long before the Witch Hunt started getting along with Russia China and everyone is a good thing not a bad thing....
....We discussed Trade Venezuela Ukraine North Korea Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD — and the best is yet to come! 
“The U.S. Created 263000 Jobs in April Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969” 
JOBS JOBS JOBS!“Jobs surge in April unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969” 
Finally Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times on front page (finally) “Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.” @foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE but the reverse!
OK so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and in fact they were rebuffed.....
...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly & time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border) Infrastructure much lower drug prices & much more - and do it now!
Thank you working hard! #MAGA 
Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust:  
Congrats to @U_S_Steel for investing $1+ BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING! 
On this day of prayer we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty & we pray that THIS nation – OUR home – these United States – will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace & the eternal GLORY OF GOD! 
As we unite on this day of prayer we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that ALL of our people can live pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer 
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
Steve Moore a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
"The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER!" @SeanHannity 
The Collusion Delusion is OVER! 
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! 
NO COLLUSION NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump) but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING and had no intention of doing anything!
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbs
Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002 and up 10 points since 2016.
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman built in 1998 (fairly new) and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion there was No Conspiracy there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley
I’ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do and I get paid ZERO! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @JoeyLogano and @Team_Penske to the @WhiteHouse! 
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela a full and complete....
....embargo together with highest-level sanctions will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @JoeyLogano! 
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates like one point and some quantitative easing. Yes we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP but with our wonderfully low inflation we could be setting major records & at the same time make our National Debt start to look small!
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates even though inflation is very low and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
....European countries are not helping at all even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!
We have 1800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....
If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico one of the most dangerous country’s in the world must eradicate this problem now. Also stop the MARCH to U.S.
Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s (maybe even better than that) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been! 
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of “journalism” and certainly a low point in @nytimes history!
Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished with a finding of NO COLLUSION & NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.) the Dems are going around saying “Bob who sorry don’t know the man.”
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!
Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history with lowest unemployment EVER a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) & great future!........
The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny I’m only here because of Biden & Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump who is getting it done - big time!
I’ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy tax & reg cuts military etc. WIN!
....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes even oppression of sorts. They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G. who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization & others. It must get its act together quickly stop the internal fighting & get back to GREATNESS - FAST!
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein Chabad  of Poway where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough watch!
....for the more traditional but not very bright Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
The Democratic National Committee sometimes referred to as the DNC is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
....Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court and I said NO he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good “pal” of low ratings Shepard Smith.
Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano....
Thank you Green Bay Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me I love you! #MAGA
Just arrived in Green Bay Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern live on @FoxNews!
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!
Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await! 
Leaving now for Green Bay Wisconsin - BIG CROWD will be there shortly! #MAGA
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4000 locations across the Country!  
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4000 locations across the Country!  
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU @NRA! #NRAAM 
“U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1 Smashing Expectations” 
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter looking good!
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger & stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
Weirdo Tom Steyer who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history & NO C OR O!
“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages many in impossible circumstances have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator USA!
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier not two Million Dollars not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages or gave five terroist hostages plus who soon went back to battle for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
Thank you! #MAGA 
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work! 
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis Indiana tomorrow! 
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence long in doubt to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick & demented ideas. But if you make it I will see you at the Starting Gate!
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who had unlimited funds and human resources the end result was No Collusion No Obstruction. Amazing!
....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I and many others say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime) headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller I didn’t need McGahn to do it I could have done it myself. Nevertheless....
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children regardless of background deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done so important!
.@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!
As ONE UNITED NATION we will work we will pray and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA! #RxSummit2019 
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit (@RxSummit) in Atlanta Georgia! #RxSummit2019
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice & Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of America
Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct the VA is not broken it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice & Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell Concerned Veterans of America
I didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News.
....Congress has no time to legislate they only want to continue the Witch Hunt which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!
No Collusion No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems plus I allowed everyone to testify including W.H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this but now they want more.....
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418000 plus illegal immigrants way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
.....are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary the Dems the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
The Mueller Report despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters and with unlimited money behind it ($35000000) didn’t lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only......
Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending & returning!
A very big Caravan of over 20000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border & call up the Military. The Coyotes & Cartels have weapons!
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” @OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out and when it does it will be a beauty!
Thanks Rush! @FoxNews 
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Great meeting this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse with @Jack from @Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue! 
I will be in Green Bay Wisconsin this Saturday April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA 
Great golf champion & friend Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy) has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn focusing on Education Research Global Outreach Recreation Services Therapy Services & Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country! 
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more and fairer companies to get out the WORD!
“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” @MariaBartiromo  So true but they don’t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....
“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU currently paying 31%. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.” @MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!
....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe) who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time has nosedived too Angry...
In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy you were basically immune from criticism. Remember “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have as President perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media it means NOTHING. But it will!
The Radical Left Democrats together with their leaders in the Fake News Media have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
I will be going to Green Bay Wisconsin for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees & beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
Paul Krugman of the Fake News New York Times has lost all credibility as has the Times itself with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash Only Record Highs!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! 
This should NEVER happen to another President AGAIN! 
Just spoke to @LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxBusiness!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! 
Isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me by far and knew the Campaign better than anyone were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ‘NO COLLUSION’ and only very good things!
“A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report: NO CONSPIRACY COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You can’t be more clear than that!” @GreggJarrett 
“The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.” @ByronYork 
SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS! @LouDobbs 
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy Giuseppe Conte mostly concerning Immigration Taxes Trade and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
My friend Herman Cain a truly wonderful man has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
Congratulations! 
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! #MAGA 
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion No Obstruction) so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
So true - thanks @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC! 
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary & criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!
Despite No Collusion No Obstruction The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well they got that one right!
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka with more that 600 badly injured in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!
Thank you @JesseBWatters and @DBongino! 
Good night of television! 8:00 PM @WattersWorld  9:00 PM @JudgeJeanine with interview of @RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!
Check out @MarkLevinShow: Life Liberty & Levin on @FoxNews now (7pm)!
If @MittRomney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump he could have won the race (maybe)! 
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!
United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place & was written as nastily as possible by 13 (18) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself the end result is No Collusion No Obstruction!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America Israel and around the world! 
“TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED” 
Time for Democrats to accept reality 
The Washington Post and New York Times are in my opinion two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly the Enemy of the People! 
....big fat waste of time energy and money - $30000000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!
...agreed to testify it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me some of which are total bullshit & only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened a...
Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters which are fabricated & totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called “notes” when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never....
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don’t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News! 
“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper & Brennan all lies” @TuckerCarlson
“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime and found they couldn’t it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.”  @TuckerCarlson
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact the whole thing was a made up fraud) it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @marthamaccallum  @FoxNews
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly the vote was not affected.
It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity  & @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!
“Donald Trump was being framed he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone including Mueller if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
Today I was thrilled to host the @WWP Soldier Ride once again at the @WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....
As I have been saying all along NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! 
No Collusion - No Obstruction! 
Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying  via @BreitbartNews
Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did....
....in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws or the Border despite the great job being done by Border Patrol will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier’s discredited author Trump hater Christopher Steele. @OANN  @JudicialWatch  The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops Crooked Hillary and the DNC.
On Trumps ICC Win Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics 
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump but so did everyone else - and that’s a good thing not a bad thing!
Many Trump Fans & Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem Pennsylvania for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with @FoxNews?
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
No Collusion - No Obstruction! 
I will be in Green Bay Wisconsin on Saturday April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA 
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly @BretBaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange and now we have @donnabrazile?
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
A must read Andy McCarthy’s column today “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest which they are not this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
God bless the people of France!
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s @TheMasters & to inform him that because of his incredible Success & Comeback in Sports (Golf) and more importantly LIFE I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!
Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!
....Since there was no Collusion why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops Dems and Crooked Hillary!
The Mueller Report which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters) should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is never forget the crime.....
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be subject to Homeland Security given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
Mark Morgan President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief gave the following message to me: “President Trump stay the course.” I agree and believe it or not we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
I finally agree with @Cher! 
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!
Before Nancy who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done decides to defend her leader Rep. Omar she should look at the anti-Semitic anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control except for her control of Nancy!
Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Mueller and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence) have already ruled No Collusion No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary the DNC Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
What do I know about branding maybe nothing (but I did become President!) but if I were Boeing I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX add some additional great features & REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again what the hell do I know?
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx
.@SteveHiltonx  “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!
Such a “puff piece” on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate as it turns out crimes that they instigated & committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn’t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy! 
Congratulations to @TigerWoods. a truly Great Champion!
Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!
Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting tune in!
If the Fed had done its job properly which it has not the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10000 additional points and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer should have done the exact opposite!
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level especially by the State of California which is well known or its poor management & high taxes!
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members Drug Dealers Human Traffickers and Criminals of all shapes sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don’t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them why should other cities & towns?
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border) and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake & Corrupt News!
....When I won the Election in 2016 the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse really corrupt reporting!
The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist a fraud. They will lie & cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........
Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35000000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
....extraordinary growth economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day which could be soon when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......
In New York State Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day!
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon! 
Finally great news at the Border! 
Finally great news at the Border! 
Thank you Jeh so well stated! 
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms) why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart  via @BreitbartNews
WE WILL NEVER FORGET! 
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws we are indeed as reported giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!
“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report so now they’re trying everything else.”  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating especially on the Border!
President Obama’s top White House lawyer Gregory B. Craig was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done absolutely done he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left it will never be enough!
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
Great heroes! 
“And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr’s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.” @LouDobbs  @FoxNews
House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan. We can’t afford it anyway and it’s not happening!
Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES! 
"Biggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed!" @MariaBartiromo 
"SPY GAMES: TIME FOR ANSWERS" 
Great news! #MAGA 
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!
THANK YOU Texas I love you! 
Join me in Crosby Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure! 
So it has now been determined by 18 people that truly hate President Trump that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony & Treasonous Hoax!
Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! 
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night! 
Everybody is now acknowledging that right from the time I announced my run for President I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia & that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
THANK YOU WORKING HARD! 
Check this out - TRUTH! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse! 
“She (Congresswoman Omar) keeps on assaulting Jews...” Jeff Ballabon B2 Strategic CEO 
“What’s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews in this case Stephen Miller.” Jeff Ballabon B2 Strategic CEO.  @Varneyco
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly) became President and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better to stop the job. He didn’t get either & the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless....
The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL! 
Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women’s Basketball National Champions! 
The Democrats will never be satisfied no matter what they get how much they get or how many pages they get. It will never end but that’s the way life goes!
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.” @KatiePavlich
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened it was a fraud on the American people!
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes & Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position and I would like to thank her for her service....
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!
Looks like Bob Mueller’s team of 13 Trump Haters & Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt & dishonest Mainstream Media they are a Joke!
....In the meantime the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S. and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous & massive migration we will be focusing on Border Security not Ports of Entry....
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic & commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....
“Give Up Trump-Haters” 
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
To every member of the @RJC thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country to our safety and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months I know that the @RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC 
So let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas Nevada. See everyone soon! 
So let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
.....years and $30 million and they found No Collusion No Obstruction. But the Democrats no matter what we give them will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated “Enough America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”
I have not read the Mueller Report yet even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions and on the big one No Collusion. Likewise recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....
Thank you to two great people! 
“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino  @foxandfriends
“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win it is all over.” @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!
THANK YOU @DHSgov @CBP and @ICEgov! 
Congratulations David a very big deal! 
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security! 
Just arrived in Calexico California! 
Will soon be landing in Calexico California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction & keeping our Country SAFE – not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!
The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can’t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“America Created 196000 Jobs in March Beating Expectations for 170000” 
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! 
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 10000 Americans die each year sooo many families destroyed!
....However if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work which it will I will close the Border.......
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico for the first time in decades is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
.@ByronYork: “How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it's an emergency?” 
“Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent” 
“Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trump’s way” 
Thank you @Trish_Regan! 
WELCOME BACK JOE! 
The New York Times had no legitimate sources which would be totally illegal concerning the Mueller Report. In fact they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
According to polling few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or even better an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed the Economy is looking very strong the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely there is little or no Inflation and USA optimism is very high!
The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST.  
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action Border or large sections of Border will close. This is a National Emergency!
...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the @nytimes but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me & the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better & less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...
Today it was my great honor to welcome @NATO Secretary General @JensStoltenberg to the @WhiteHouse! 
Today we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.#WorldAutismAwarenessDay 
“I haven’t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.” Art Del Cueto National Border Patrol Council.
After many years (decades) Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border mostly from Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us just like the Democrats in Congress!
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30000000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems don’t even acknowledge his name have become totally unhinged and would like to go through the whole process again. It won’t happen!
World Autism Awareness Day 2019: Significance history and theme via @htTweets 
In 1998 Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report which the Dems hate he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! @foxandfriends
....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments and so little appreciation!
Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before & all their local politicians do is complain & ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent spend the money foolishly or corruptly & only take from USA....
....the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico and now the Dems want to give them more taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!
....are GREAT but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas & Florida combined yet their government can’t do anything right the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA & the Military worked emergency miracles but politicians like.....
The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history. The people of Puerto Rico.....
....back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime the USA is doing better than ever & is respected again!
....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) & deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive & much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate & win......
Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn’t work. Premiums & deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it but with Medicare for all which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles in many cases way over $7000 make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! @SenRickScott  @senatemajldr @SenJohnBarrasso  @SenBillCassidy
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!
Democrats working with Republicans in Congress can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero Bob Mueller no longer exists!
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice but not for long!
“Outrageous it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman @WSJ
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens @nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world watch!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out & we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour and then a vote the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans even if good for USA!
In honor of his past service to our Country Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! @foxandfriends @RepRalphNorman
A huge thanks to @HeatherNauert for serving America at the @StateDept. Great work! I’m proud to have you join the Fulbright board! 
So funny that The New York Times & The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So they were either duped or corrupt? In any event their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
...The problem is no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get no matter what we give them it will never be enough. Just watch they will Harass & Complain & Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO we’ve got a Country to run!
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop I got the answers I wanted the Truth.....
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates especially since there is very little inflation and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening the 3.0% GDP & Stock Market would have both been much higher & World Markets would be in a better place!
....the Border or large sections of the Border next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides we lose so much money with them especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.) that the Border closing would be a good thing!
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S. far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border I will be CLOSING.....
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest & they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW & Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA! 
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
Working hard thank you! #MAGA 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA 
Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids Michigan - thank you I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! 
On my way to Grand Rapids Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA 
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico with the strongest immigration laws in the World refuses to help with illegal immigration & drugs!
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
Wow ratings for “Morning Joe” which were really bad in the first place just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows Fake News never wins!
Congressman Adam Schiff who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking should be forced to resign from Congress!
FBI & DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown” have ZERO credibility or respect & must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday I will tell you the secret!
Will be heading to Grand Rapids Michigan tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country but also the car companies & others that are pouring back into Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania North & South Carolina & all over!
We are here today to award America’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...
Just met with @SundarPichai President of @Google who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military not the Chinese Military....
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
.@GreggJarrett: “Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history” 
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President me! T.V. ratings of CNN & MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!
“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlson
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel”  
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders Drugs and Crime!
“A Catastrophic Media Failure” 
The Republican Party will become “The Party of Healthcare!”
“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
A team of great champions! 
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’  via @BreitbartNews
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more:  
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election according to Robert Mueller and that is good.”  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good Morning Have A Great Day!
Today in Florida @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Saint Lucia! 
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore a very respected Economist will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
....There is nothing to admire about them they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda they are now being beaten badly at every level....
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now because of big pressure save for a few people in caves most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay 
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend who leaked them to the press on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). 
Really beautiful to see! 
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you for Northwest Ohio for our GREAT MILITARY and for our entire Country...
George Conway often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him is VERY jealous of his wife’s success & angry that I with her help didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look a stone cold LOSER & husband from hell!
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16 abolish the Electoral College and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
Not a good situation! 
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States & the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - & we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier & different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote you go to....
Thank you @JesseBWatters could not have said it any better myself! 
Amazingly CNN just released a poll at 71% saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001 18 years! WOW is CNN becoming a believer?
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias 
Facebook Google and Twitter not to mention the Corrupt Media are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not we will win anyway just like we did before! #MAGA
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!
A total loser! 
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts  via @thedailybeast
While the press doesn’t like writing about it nor do I need them to I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400000.00 to different agencies throughout the year this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! 
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! 
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll just out states “50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it another low I.Q. individual!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World the envy of all. Get that big beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico where you invested so heavily pre-Trump but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio) in one of the best economies in our history opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election first at the “ballot box” and then after that failed with the “Insurance Policy” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care I just want it open!
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event that’s where they should be working along with their lowest rated anchor Shepard Smith!
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you you can only beat yourselves!
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct which will only bring you down and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have don’t give it to them. Be strong & prosper be weak & die! Stay true....
Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats working closely with their beloved partner the Fake News Media is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! 
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He & the Dems working together failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He & the Dems working together  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat & Crooked Hillary paid for Fake & Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and of course Russia! Such one sided media coverage most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52% 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live not funny/no talent can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me) over & over without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters I guess not so well! In the meantime the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Google is helping China and their military but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
Because the economy is so good General Motors must get their Lordstown Ohio plant open maybe in a different form or with a new owner FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S. others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
This is a National Emergency...
Mark Morgan Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends
Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46:  
On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska & across the Midwest especially the Farmers & Ranchers are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders & emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding high winds & road closures.
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern the Prime Minister of New Zealand regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime Human Trafficking and Drugs entering our Country. Watch when you get back to your State they will LOVE you more than ever before!
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal & conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
So if there was knowingly & acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he & all stated no crime) then the Special Counsel.......
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI DOJ & CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriends
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
Breitbart News Network  via @BreitbartNews
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime Drugs and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
VETO!
Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. 
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi Crime and the Open Border Democrats!
....If at a later date Congress wants to update the law I will support those efforts but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
Happy National Ag Day! 
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriends
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security & the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare but it can be easily fixed!
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump @FoxNews
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! 
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
Defying voters the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled and neither am I!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me unwatchable. But remember WE are number one - President!
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman & Cuomo. So many leaving New York! 
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman & Coumo. So many leaving New York! 
All part of the Witch Hunt! 
New York State and its Governor Andrew Cuomo are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
....needed and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
Patrick Moore co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis there’s weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration and it got worsts & worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko Jexodus.
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime Drugs etc.) not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United as usual on a 20% issue Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
At a recent round table meeting of business executives & long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time & words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this & it became yet another bad Trump story!
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton the DNC and others!
More people are working today in the United States 158000000 than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges biggest Tax & Regulation Cuts V.A. Choice Best Economy Lowest Unemployment & much more!
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
Will soon be 145 Judges! 
This is just the beginning! 
The Witch Hunt continues! 
....and renovated with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter who still hasn’t figured out that despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight) I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train which is $Billions over budget & in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future and now!
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! 
Sessions didn’t have a clue! 
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions plus jobs. Nice!
Congratulations to Heather Wilson who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
....as Secretary of the Air Force and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
On International Women’s Day we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities families governments and businesses...
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January 2011. Things are looking good!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House & Senate Intelligence & Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control but we are winning!
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
It was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border but this is a National Emergency!
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can even a punctuation mistake in a document!
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! 
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent they are voting on desperately needed Border Security & the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs Human Traffickers & Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! 
Hans Von Spakovsky “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
Presidential Harassment! 
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Scott Gottlieb who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA plans to leave government service sometime next month....
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Just a few moments ago I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1500 people!
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big fat fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing and have done!
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton & the Democrats Nadler Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal & Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
.... Amazon like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
Presidential Harassment! 
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
“Now that the Dems are going to try & switch from Collusion to some other reason it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
The military drills or war games as I call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games” especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims and to the injured God bless you all!
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN & others? 
Schumer & the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! 
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar & fraudster at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
....President. We are WINNING big the envy of the WORLD but just think what it could be?
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
My wonderful daughter Ivanka will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M. a great show!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier & couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green (R-TN).
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony given by a liar to reduce his prison time proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
...said was a total lie but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad conflicted & corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal & should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this great success!
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
Thank you @marklevinshow!
@TeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam not 3 hours!
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd live broadcast. Enjoy!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also furthers U.K. relationship! 
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef pork etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I never like being misinterpreted but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer Lanny Davis say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats they say “gee I have an idea let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
Wow just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie!
Great to be back from Vietnam an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good let’s see what happens!
Today in Alaska it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! 
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong Prime Minister Phuc and the wonderful people of Vietnam! 
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit 
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization & then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China Russia Japan & South Korea will be very helpful!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area) doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA it’s where the action is!
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying & fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same and very quickly if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME a great opportunity like almost none other in history for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds and so much love!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
If a deal is made with China our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin and with Danny’s release we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States & its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic intelligence and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception only to be replaced by another beauty Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes or better yet not have to use notes at all when doing his racist hit on your President who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform Lowest Unemployment numbers in History Tax Cutsetc.) than almost any other Pres!
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job but without the Wall which is now under major construction you cannot have Border Security. Drugs Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
....productive talks I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself at Mar-a-Lago to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. & China!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection technology transfer agriculture services currency and many other issues. As a result of these very......
So funny to watch people who have failed for years they got NOTHING telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover Peter S? We want them now!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!
Chairman Kim realizes perhaps better than anyone else that without nuclear weapons his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him) it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi Vietnam early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington D.C. on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display entertainment and an address by your favorite President me!
So great being with you both in the Oval Office! 
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham so true!
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... 
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs Drugs and Crime!
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson Hoover Senior Fellow.
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft our current Ambassador to Canada is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that under her leadership our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
A must read by @KimStrassel! 
Fake News is so bad for our Country! 
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr head of Senate Intelligence said after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt so bad for our Country must end!
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation African-American Leaders Pioneers & Visionaries have uplifted & inspired our Country...
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime the Border the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! 
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
I want 5G and even 6G technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful faster and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and he fully agrees not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall 
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly I kept many of them in business. In six years they all go BUST!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans and for your all time favorite President it is a Fake Fact Checker!
The failed Fast Train project in California where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted 16 states led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted 16 cities led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!
Had the opposition party (no not the Media) won the election the Stock Market would be down at least 10000 points by now. We are heading up up up!
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
Remember this Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! 
Thank you JT! 
Amazing! 
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI before he was fired for lying & leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! 
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere Socialism is DYING - and liberty prosperity and democracy are being REBORN...
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day our Country is making unprecedented progress!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military Vets Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
Wow so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty) look like they were planning a very illegal act and got caught.....
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility writes @KimStrassel  via @WSJ
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
“These guys the investigators ought to be in jail. What they have done working with the Obama intelligence agencies is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal and more today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe which is where they are expected to go. We do so much and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!
The United States is asking Britain France Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
BUILDING THE WALL!
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system & Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson
“After The Flight 93 Election The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose” by very talented Michael Anton is a terrific read. Check it out!
One year ago today a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland Florida. On this somber anniversary we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans especially our Nation’s children...  
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
funding bill
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal & the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
Today it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington D.C. We will never forget your service and we will never ever let you down! We love you and we thank God for you each and every day. 
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year a 16 year high. Nice!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
Thank you to @MSNBC! 
....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money it is being built as we speak!
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
Beautiful evening in El Paso Texas last night. God Bless the USA! 
We are fighting for all Americans from all backgrounds of every age race religion birthplace color & creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso Texas - I love you! 
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants like Paradise #3 in Kentucky! 
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. 
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The Democrats do not want us to detain or send back criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!
The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).
Well it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving all of a sudden irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts) but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?
“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976 and 31 right now that are currently active so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock
....The fact is when I took over as President our Country was a mess. Depleted Military Endless Wars a potential War with North Korea V.A. High Taxes & too many Regulations Border Immigration & HealthCare problems & much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
The media was able to get my work schedule something very easy to do but it should have been reported as a positive not negative. When the term Executive Time is used I am generally working not relaxing. In fact I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
It was a very bad week for the Democrats with the GREAT economic numbers The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall & now out of the blue want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Senator Richard Burr The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee just announced that after almost two years more than two hundred interviews and thousands of documents they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes Cars Cows Oil Gas & the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Today Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate or has she decided that after 32 years this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL Liz!
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer & be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me because I have gotten to know him & fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi Vietnam on February 27 & 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim & advancing the cause of peace!
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which if people understand politics means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
Working hard thank you! 
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest & report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” & Russia....
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300000 pages of documents & the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrett
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr Chairman of Senate Intelligence said today that after an almost two year investigation he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Each year America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. 
Today it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more:  
2019 National Prayer Breakfast 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces after having found zero Russian Collusion that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life both financial and personal even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
#SOTU
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU 
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays joyful festivals and family gatherings...
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall this would be a non-event!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt Acting Secretary of the Interior will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long straight & putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back & will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack & Tiger like each other.
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Ed Gillespie who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election he wins by 20 points!
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods! 
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom purpose and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have by far the strongest economy in the world!
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and after many years spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said very strongly that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
This Witch Hunt must end! 
Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI even though it was created by ousted & discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Just out: The big deal very mysterious Don jr telephone calls after the innocent Trump Tower meeting that the media & Dems said were made to his father (me) were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends & business associates of Don. Really sad!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks as always for a job well done!
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily we had a very good meeting and we are all on the same page!
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran ISIS North Korea etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... 
Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services which they are now doing but also to our Manufacturing Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals through large Caravans into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion high taxes Open Borders and Crime!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats despite all of the evidence proof and Caravans coming are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built I don’t expect much help!
....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st so all working hard to complete by that date!
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi and I meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
With Murders up 33% in Mexico a record why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriends
Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally after many decades properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
So great to watch & listen to all these people who write books & talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in I then sit back look around & say “gee I’m in the White House & they’re not!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Dow just broke 25000. Tremendous news!
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal they are MUCH different but....
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier they are Wasting their time!
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing getting remains hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
When I became President ISIS was out of control in Syria & running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
“Our economy right now is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true and not even close!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
In the beautiful Midwest windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees the coldest ever recorded. In coming days expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast we need you!
“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!
Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smartest person.” Besides America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry but created many jobs. Also billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
After all that I have done for the Military our great Veterans Judges (99) Justices (2) Tax & Regulation Cuts the Economy Energy Trade & MUCH MORE does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN & NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @JillianTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN & NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL! 
#HolocaustMemorialDay 
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! 
Jens Stoltenberg NATO Secretary General just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also more united. Dems & Fake News like to portray the opposite!
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18959495168. Cost Friday was $603331392. There are at least 25772342 illegal aliens not the 11000000 that have been reported for years in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
58000 non-citizens voted in Texas with 95000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country especially in California voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
WITCH HUNT!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier” a total phony conjob that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Only fools or people with a political agenda don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL! 
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration & it was ignored.” Mark Morgan Border Chief for “O”!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee (the RNC) who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
We have turned away at great expense two major Caravans but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border & through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security & Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer & the Democrats stand which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp Chair ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress what about the lying done by Comey Brennan Clapper Lisa Page & lover Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa & Peter’s deleted texts & Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days if no deal is done it’s off to the races!
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime Human Trafficking Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
...back home where they belong no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and most importantly no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon much potential!
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners & with a major war ready to start in a short 15 months relationships built hostages & remains....
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen who sadly will not be testifying before Congress is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI & wasn’t sworn in no tape nothing?
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
“This is everything FDR dreamed about the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ he gave people food stamps & welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him should correct.” @DougWead
A great new book just out “Game of Thorns” by Doug Wead Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016 and what could be more exciting than that?
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
As the Shutdown was going on Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” 
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!” 
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly Juan Guaido as the Interim President of Venezuela. 
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL!
BUILD A WALL & CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now) of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
Deroy Murdock National Review: “We are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019💯 
...big Crooked Hillary law firm represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard & gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting now exposed is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC & Clinton Campaign & funded through a...
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely & inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly & hence the term Fake News!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World by far!
Last time I went to Davos the Fake News said I should not go there. This year because of the Shutdown I decided not to go and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis & Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country Crime will go down by record numbers!
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50% an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you working hard!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake & Unverified “Dossier” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant but can end in a dream!
Looking like Nick Sandman & Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime Drugs Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal and stop playing around!
Today it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence in honor of #MLKDay 
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay 
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997 or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S. “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
Congratulations to Bob Kraft Bill Belichick Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together after decades of abuse to finally fix the Humanitarian Criminal & Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! 
Thanks James! 
Will do a fantastic job! 
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
Thank you David! 
Don’t forget we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building after all is what I do best even when money is not readily available!
Wow just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19% to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone and they want Security which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Nancy I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown security is no problem) and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract I’ll get back to you soon!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally & has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way clean up the streets in San Francisco they are disgusting!
No Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime & drugs they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country & allow people to go back to work.
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Always heard that as President “it’s all about the economy!” Well we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP lowest unemployment companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers great new trade deals happening & more. But LITTLE media mention!
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up) as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story & the even more disgraceful coverage!
The Economy is one of the best in our history with unemployment at a 50 year low and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - & all you heard yesterday based on a phony story was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash Impeach Trump!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! 
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border and the Shutdown tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M. live from the @WhiteHouse.
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals & Drugs now!
Kevin Corke @FoxNews “Don’t forget Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800000 great people are not getting paid. Also could somebody please explain to Nancy & her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise.
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt from beginning to end!
“In 2018 alone 20000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone more than 20000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
Thank you to Amy Kremer Women for Trump Co-Founder for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! 
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall or Steel Barrier will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised I am fighting for YOU!
For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on China move the Embassy to Jerusalem make NATO pay their fair share and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. & Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! 
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville Tennessee. Love our farmers love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their and the Democrats fault!
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States as we have known it is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years ICE officers made 266000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records including those charged or convicted of 100000 assaults 30000 sex crimes & 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is to her husband “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house he’s supposed to be there!
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! 
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! 
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting I understand is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better & more responsible hands!
....Likewise do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY SPECIAL PLACE!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
I’m in the White House waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side watch!
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos there is NONE. In fact there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me and...
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas between 2011 & 2018 there were a total of 292000 crimes by illegal aliens 539 murders 32000 assaults 3426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Lyin’ James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter S and his lover agent Lisa Page & more all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time & as I have often said getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend Bob Mueller & the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton her Campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged & botched Crooked Hillary investigation where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend not recorded or sworn in and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie)....
Wow just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons opened up an investigation on me for no reason & with no proof after I fired Lyin’ James Comey a total sleaze!
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews 
Drug prices declined in 2018 the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
I look forward to hosting right out of the great State of South Carolina the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday January 14th. What a game what a coach what a team!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high strong and beautiful! Also many miles already renovated and in service! 
...The Steel Barrier or Wall should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it our Country cannot be safe. Criminals Gangs Human Traffickers Drugs & so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
I often said during rallies with little variation that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
When I took the Oath of Office.... 
We lose 300 Americans a week 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
Dear Diary... 
From the Southern Border.... 
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
President Obama thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party & the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table & walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security I politely said bye-bye and left no slamming!
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon somewhat of a White House tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN if that is possible!
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said NO. I said bye-bye nothing else works!
Thank you to all of America's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. 
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that with proper Forest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives & money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that with proper Forrest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives & money!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice & Accountability. Economy & GDP are strong. Tax & Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
Congratulations to a truly great football team the Clemson Tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the W.H.
Talks with China are going very well!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis United Steelworkers
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
Endless Wars especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago & those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
Congressman Adam Smith the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee just stated “Yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration and me look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources & write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in America!
With all of the success that our Country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the Fake News & totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger & less obtrusive. Good solution and made in the U.S.A.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected undocumented unchecked...” Barrack Obama 2005. I voted when I was a Senator to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton 2015.
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer or to our Country!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News Enemy of the People and Opposition Party!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
We are working hard at the Border but we need a WALL!  In 2018 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized 17000 adults arrested with criminal records and 6000 gang members including MS-13 apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go where are the Dems?
Many people currently a part of my opposition including President Obama & the Dems have had campaign violations in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine & settled. While no big deal I did not commit a campaign violation!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall) something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events including Fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man but I don’t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!
“Job growth surges by 312000 in December” 
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia it was the Dems that Colluded) had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020 too much success!
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on it’s 20 years overdue....
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” 
Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player & WIN!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country but can’t because Dems are blocking them some for two years-historic record. Passed committees but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons or give them to others - & he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big dumb mouth. Hillary lover! 
The Democrats much as I suspected have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill being cute as always which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security namely the Wall. You see without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just by comparison meaningless bells & whistles...
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal the USMCA that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico & Canada will also thrive - good for all!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! 
Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....
....Senator Schumer more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
It’s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn’t work. It does and properly built almost 100%! They say it’s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes but with me in office I’ll get it built and Fast!
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes but with me in office I’ll get it built and Fast!
I am the only person in America who could say that “I’m bringing our great troops back home with victory” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever they would still be unhappy!
I campaigned on Border Security which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound” where drugs criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS remember!
...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived like to complain about me & my tactics which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!
If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!
President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing slightly larger version!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
Veterans on President Trump’s handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%.  AP Poll. Thank you!
“It turns out to be true now that the Department of Justice and the FBI under President Obama rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump and now it looks like in a corrupt & illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. @JesseBWatters
“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
2018 is being called “THE YEAR OF THE WORKER” by Steve Moore co-author of “Trumponomics.” It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the “best job market in 50 years and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.”
For those that naively ask why didn’t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way with a Shutdown. Too bad! @FoxNews
...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard & getting so little credit!
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall they wouldn’t even try! The two.....
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made it will be very comprehensive covering all subjects areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
.....Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border......
....The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount) that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or.....
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall & also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress & President who would approve!
CNN & others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!
This isn’t about the Wall everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump & the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes but we have the issue Border Security. 2020!
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look this is your neighborhood you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
I totally agree! 
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed) and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall where they almost all recently agreed it should be built is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting & expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years a U.S. record!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs Human TraffickingGang Members & Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! 
I hope everyone even the Fake News Media is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders making great new Trade Deals and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!  #MAGA
Merry Christmas!
I am in the Oval Office & just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars & lives will be saved!
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea – Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim! 
I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria instead of the United States. See? Isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country the U.S. that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!
The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is without the Wall much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!
I never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S. a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story one of many by the Fake News Media!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.
....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S. and our TAXPAYERS on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO and it is being fixed!
To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries they are wrong I DO. What I don’t like however is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States both in Military Protection and Trade...
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked that they turned against it. Desperately needed!
“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
The most important way to stop gangs drugs human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security and as EVERYONE knows you can’t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones & Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!
Mitch McConnell just told a group of people and me that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best & most productive of his career. Tax & Regulation Cuts VA Choice Farm Bill Criminal Justice Reform Judgeships & much more. Great!
“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades and he’s right...The generals still don’t get the mistake.”  @RandPaul
Thanks @RandPaul  “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different...that’s why he got elected.”
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal which I ended yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
Senator Bob Corker just stated that “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him.....
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy & previously Boeing. He will be great!
The only way to stop drugs gangs human trafficking criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.
If anybody but your favorite President Donald J. Trump announced that after decimating ISIS in Syria we were going to bring our troops back home (happy & healthy) that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Brett McGurk who I do not know was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  #MAGA
Senate adjourns until December 27th.
I won an election said to be one of the greatest of all time based on getting out of endless & costly foreign wars & also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
....going to be there for three months and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries including Turkey should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!
I am in the White House working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs Drugs Human Trafficking & more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria we were originally...
OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY! 
Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect America’s Southern Border! 
A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful! 
Today it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213 the “Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.” The Act redesignates the @DHSgov Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. Read more:  
Today it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people! 
I’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
General Anthony Tata author “Dark Winter.” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”
There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.
Mitch use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall or Fence and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done one way or the other!
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
House Republican Vote 217-185.
The Democrats whose votes we need in the Senate will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!
No matter what happens today in the Senate Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes and we won big. I am very proud of you!
.....on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone & technology.....
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes but as shown in the House good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said last week live from the Oval Office that the Republicans didn’t have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!
General Jim Mattis will be retiring with distinction at the end of February after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure tremendous progress has been made especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!
Democrats it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS. Border security must become a #1 priority! 
Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes! #Emmys #TBT 
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives & billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy Syria by staying & killing ISIS for them Russia Iran & other locals? Time to focus on our Country & bring our youth back home where they belong!
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
With so much talk about the Wall people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
The Democrats who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation including infrastructure unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
....Russia Iran Syria & many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving despite what the Fake News says because now they will have to fight ISIS and others who they hate without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who in almost all cases do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years and six months ago when I very publicly wanted to do it I agreed to stay longer. Russia Iran Syria & others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home & rebuild. #MAGA
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.”  @IngrahamAngle  So true thank you Laura!
Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
After historic victories against ISIS it’s time to bring our great young people home! 
....In any event it goes on and on & the new AG who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda) does little else but rant rave & politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman who has since resigned over horrific women abuse when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money both mine and others to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees rent salaries etc. Now as usual I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by.....
We have defeated ISIS in Syria my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border including large scale criminal and drug inflow the United States Military will build the Wall!
In our Country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but when it comes to Border Security and the Military the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other we will win on the Wall!
In our Country so much money has been poured down the drain for so many years but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
....This will keep our communities safer and provide hope and a second chance to those who earn it. In addition to everything else billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill....
The Democrats are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall we are building artistically designed steel slats so that you can easily see through it....
....It will be beautiful and at the same time give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers.” Read more:  
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff Yahoo for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also it was paid for by Crooked Hillary & DNC!
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier the specific allegations we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
Facebook Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter in fact has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names & greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 B’s. Feel the market don’t just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say despite tremendous pressure being put on him about Russian Collusion in our great and obviously highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
Biggest outrage yet in the long winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover Lisa Page were purposely & illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax which is now under protest!
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers & Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than ever–we stand with our Farmers!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control!
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation the outside world blowing up around us Paris is burning and China way down the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have at the same time far greater safety and control!
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance working with the Democrats to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!
....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
....a persecution of the President.”  Daniel Henninger The Wall Street Journal. Thank you people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!
“It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the @trish_regan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country nothing will. Very sad!
Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of @RodBlagojevich and the @trishregan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country nothing will. Very sad!
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However if you don’t separate FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Judge Ken Starr former Solicitor Generel & Independent Counsel just stated that after two years “there is no evidence or proof of collusion” & further that “there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President.” Thank you Judge. @FoxNews
At the request of many I will be reviewing the case of a “U.S. Military hero” Major Matt Golsteyn who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNews
Remember Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable & unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server or Crooked’s office?
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage hour by hour of networks like NBC & Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts can’t be legal? Only defame & belittle! Collusion?
Wow 19000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover Peter S of the FBI in charge of the Russia Hoax were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who like many others never had a clue) is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good are bad. Stories that should be bad are horrible. Many stories like with the REAL story on Russia Clinton & the DNC seldom get reported. Too bad!
.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......
Wow but not surprisingly ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
As I predicted all along Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy get it done!
For the record there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney Director of the Office of Management & Budget will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff replacing General John Kelly who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration....
Thank you to @tim_cook for agreeing to expand operations in the U.S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs! 
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country....
....Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen and rather soon!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen and rather soon!
Let’s not do a shutdown Democrats - do what’s right for the American People! 
Today it was my honor to welcome our Nation’s newly elected Governors to the @WhiteHouse! 
Happy 382nd Birthday @USNationalGuard. Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365. We love you! #Guard382 
Just did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!
....She will probably be given a pass despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell our great Ambassador to Germany for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday using a certain horrible term that person would be banned permanently from television....
WITCH HUNT!
They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!......
....guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer Michael has great liability to me!
....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer Michael has great liability to me!
....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws if they even apply because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......
I often stated “One way or the other Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada) the USMCA is so much better than the old very costly & anti-USA NAFTA deal that just by the money we save MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
.@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.
“I don’t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” -Chris Swecker
James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time but especially after his mind exploded!
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many over ten are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!
....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall including really effective renovation has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer & Nancy Pelosi. In 2006 Democrats voted for a Wall and they were right to do so. Today they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
....however for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
.....Ice Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be however a far easier & less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections & fully renovated others making them like new. The Democrats.....
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls makeshift Walls & Fences or Border Patrol Officers & Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
....which it was not (but even if it was it is only a CIVIL CASE like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction wrongly call it a campaign contribution...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence & we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245  occasions former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know didn’t recall or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win! 
#ArmyNavyGame 
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly landing now! 
....left and right he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head as he was saving soldiers....
Very sad day & night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
“This is collusion illusion there is no smoking gun here. At this late date after all that we have gone through after millions have been spent we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff replacing General Joe Dunford who will be retiring....
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30000000) NO COLLUSION!
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money much to third world countries (that are questionably run) in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people save taxpayer dollars and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job I am very proud of him. His predecessor Rex Tillerson didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame great spirit at State!
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Today we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America!  
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
China talks are going very well!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report & also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly) Comey Brennan Clapper & all of the many fired people of the FBI be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC & Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey by the man in charge of the case Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant) be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
.....overturned 9-0 in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial & many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....
....Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives took down great companies only to be........
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Arizona together with our Military and Border Patrol is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Trish_Regan:  “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel) to get this plea deal demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals.” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_Regan
Statement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans with the very important help of my campaign Rallies WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges & others. Big Republican Win!
My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need we are here for you. @IIIMEF
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax & Regulation Cuts Judge’s Military Vets etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!
Working hard thank you! 
Doug Wead a truly great presidential historian had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is not restricted. The World does not want to see or need higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip including stops from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
.....China had agreed to start “immediately” buying U.S. products.” @business
“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans & Liquified Natural Gas the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
.....China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately I believe we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security including a Wall is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen and it probably will. But if not remember......
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin Larry Kudlow Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance & precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
#Remembering41 
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats don’t want the truth they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should in my opinion serve a full and complete sentence.
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE unrelated to Trump things having to do with fraud big loans Taxis etc. and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT & ALREADY reduced deal for himself and get.....
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also STOP THE DRUGS!
I am certain that at some time in the future President Xi and I together with President Putin of Russia will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change on trade and far beyond between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World and that is what China wants. Farmers I LOVE YOU!
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.
This week Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah!  
....However out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
President George H.W. Bush led a long successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush 
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires Argentina. Thank you! 
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
Just signed one of the most important and largest Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
#USMCA🇲🇽🇨🇦 
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh I get it! I am a very good developer happily living my life when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds I decide to run for President & continue to run my business-very legal & very cool talked about it on the campaign trail...
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence not a whiff of collusion between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don) perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summit 
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect because there is no one better for the job!
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better! 
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
.@DBongino’s new book "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump" is terrific. He's tough he's smart and he really gets it. His book is on sale now I highly recommend!
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer two very talented men have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or as they call it #TRUMPONOMICS....
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics and more. He has experienced so much in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs build in the U.S.A. Otherwise lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt one that has shattered so many innocent lives ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40000000 (is that possible?) it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious and perhaps subversive crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto and other companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S. including BMW which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House has just written an excellent book “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts warmth to your homes cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018🎄 
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio Michigan & Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event it is being studied now!
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that for many years Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in many more cars would be built here.....
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts & they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes in charge of voting in Broward County Florida was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding she is a fine very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server) but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED & acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO Mary Barra for closing plants in Ohio Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico & China. The U.S. saved General Motors and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies including....
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past and look where they come from. The now $30000000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this and it won’t be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly & viciously they are treating people ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
....starts today election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
....and false way. Something has to be done including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are GREAT!
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win or even come close to winning!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers people inside from the beginning ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion & Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final report will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”(whatever happened to Podesta?) and will he be putting in statements from.....
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants many of whom are stone cold criminals back to their countries. Do it by plane do it by bus do it anyway you want but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress fund the WALL!
....children from parents as did Bush etc. because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is when you do that vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union for many years has taken advantage of us on Trade and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word & he said he was going to be tough on the Border and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
Mississippi Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that which is like a big Tax Cut to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo Mississippi on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border Crime Military our great Vets Healthcare & the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will after decades of abuse put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary quoting phony sources or jealous people but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together finally with a major Border Security package which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk it is finally time for action. Fix the Border for once and for all NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless they are working hard to make America a safer place though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world through teleconference at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots & to thank them for the great job they have been doing especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
....and Safety at the Border or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam chaos injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants but the 9th Circuit is a complete & total disaster. It is out of control has a horrible reputation is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country 79% & is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
“It’s a mean & nasty world out there the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment & one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S. big Jobs & Oil!
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts but you do indeed have “Obama judges” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary” but if it is why......
Great new book out “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54 was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia but let’s go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year for the first time in decades they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration! 
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us Bin Laden being a prime example Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars & they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A. 
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A. often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security & Wall NOW!
The Mayor of Tijuana Mexico just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! 
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy @RepLaMalfa and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story as usual about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me the only one that would know for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you! 
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes because it is all a BIG CON and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds he fought & fought & fought the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM 
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us we will CHERISH those who protect us and we will celebrate the amazing heroes... 
Last year I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration we have removed more than 3600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve.... 
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans & Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform & to every Veteran & Military family across our land I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation! 
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC!  
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary Comey McCabe Lisa Page & her lover Peter S and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
